---
video_id: gG9-xfMRSxY
title: "Will Allred on Smarter Outbound with Lavender + Smartlead | #SmartleadOfficeHours"
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gG9-xfMRSxY
published: 2025-09-03
fetched: 2026-06-13
method: supadata
---

# Will Allred on Smarter Outbound with Lavender + Smartlead | #SmartleadOfficeHours

## Why it matters for the playbook
Will on smarter outbound combining Lavender (writing) and Smartlead (sending): deliverability plus message quality, with observed reply-rate data. Connects the messaging and infrastructure layers.

## Transcript
There we go. 53 people so far. Still counting. Hi. Hello and welcome to one more session of Smart Leads off US. I'm Akash, your dedicated customer success manager here at Smartle. We always want to start the session with the audience. So before we jump into today's session, take a moment, click on the chat icon at the bottom center of your screen and let us know where you're joining us from, how the weather is in your end, and also let us know if you're an agency, a freelancer, or a SAS company. We'd love to know. Again, center bottom chat and hammer us. >> Well, y'all are putting in the chat. I will uh I will let y'all know where I'm calling in from. So I'm in Atlanta, Atlanta, Georgia. If anyone's in Atlanta, I'm always happy to grab coffee. Um, and the weather here is phenomenal today. It's been like really great. Like fake fall for the past like few weeks. Um, so like before jumping in here, I was actually just standing in the sun being like this is incredible. Getting a little sunbathing in. >> Love it. I'll follow up with that. I'm from India, the southern part of it. So warm during the day, a drizzle during the evening. Can't complain. Beautiful weather. >> I love it. >> Agency. Come on. Coinbour 24. It's my hometown. Agency from Madrid. Agency in Phoenix. Global audience as always. >> I love it, man. This is fun. >> Keep it coming. Keep it coming. We love seeing where people are tuning in from. Agency in Bangkok. We have a couple of folks from there as well. >> We're hitting every time zone >> right now. Well, this is that that was the plan. That was the plan. >> Yeah, we should have asked. We should have said, "What time is it where you are?" >> I have one session for tomorrow as well. I think I'll use it there, too. >> Sheila, what time is it in Kenya? >> 6 p.m. >> 6 p.m. Appreciate you joining us on this evening. >> I love it. Everybody's coming at different times. Love it. Love it. Keep it coming. But today uh we have Bill Alred who is the co-founder and COO of Lavender. He's a number one email coach trusted by thousands of sellers and he's also named as a LinkedIn top voice in sales. Will blends bio psychology with insights from hundreds and billions of data points. Lavender is analyzed. He's going to give sellers tactical advice to turn cold emails into real pipeline. And for today's topic, Will is going to teach us what Lavender's data is teaching us right now. And plus, he's also giving us why behind Aura, Lavender's newest invention. Right. We'll also show how you can apply these insights directly into clay campaigns or by pairing Lavender with smart lead for better results. Will over to you. A quick round of introduction and we can kick start. >> Yeah. Well, and appreciate the uh I'm glad that's recorded. I'm gonna show that to my wife later. Like, look, people people think I'm cool. Um, but um, so I'm Will I, you know, quick intro on me. You know, we've analyzed a few billion sales emails at this point at Lavender across hundreds of billions of data points to really get a really really deep understanding of why buyers respond. And so when I go out and I talk on platforms like LinkedIn, the the data is at the core of everything that I'm talking about. Um, but at the end of the day, I'm also a buyer who's getting, you know, these emails that y'all are sending, that your sales teams are sending. And so, I try to also make sure that it's paired with a psychology lens of like here's what it's like on the other side. Here's that buyer's experience because, you know, like a fun fact for for folks to put in the chat, but like how long do you think the average email is read for? I I'll let I'll let folks put that in the chat first. Interesting. >> All right, we're pretty close, but okay, everybody, pause. Um, how many words do you think you can read in a 9se second window? That's about how long they're going to spend reading the email. So, how many words do you think you're reading in about a 9-second window? >> 20, 15? All right, you got to give people a little bit more credit than that. >> All right, 40. All right. So 40 is really close. It's actually like 36 and like a half, right? So let's say 37. Let's give them an extra word. Um the average cold email is pushing closer to like 100 words. And we see this have a huge impact when uh it comes to generating responses. So it's been one of these data points that I have just harped on for years. But like when you're writing emails, two of the most like basic things, did they read the whole thing and did they understand it? And so like one of these things that has always been it's about 9 seconds. So one of these things that like I've always harped on is at the like core of everything that we're doing like write simply and write less. So everything should be just optimized for how do we get response which you know smartly y'all y'all feel free to back me up on this but like you know that tends to lead to better deliverability if you're getting better results. >> I always I always talk about it like you're going to the bank and you're swiping your credit card, right? Um if you don't pay back your credit card bill, they're going to stop letting you swipe that credit card. And so the um the reader grade is your choice. Yeah. So, uh, Yousef, the ideal, um, grade level of your writing to be understood is at like a fifth grade reading level. And like with more technical products, I've seen that push up a little bit higher. Obviously, you're describing more complicated topics, but you're still topping out at like a seventh grade reading level. And when you realize that 70% of email traffic is written at or beyond a tenth grade reading level, you start to understand why a lot of these emails go without a response. It's because people see it and they like run through this like categorization exercise in their head and they just like say I don't know it's a lot of words and they just like opt out which is like so funny to think about because you think about these people on the other end it's like oh this buyer this seuite executive at important company and and the reality is like the simplest emails are the ones that are going to work. Um, but one of the things that I really wanted to harp on today is a recent trend. So, this data point used to just like sit on the fringes of best practice really didn't matter. Um, and that's the formality of your writing. So, with all of these different AI tools, this data point has shifted dramatically, like crazy amounts. It went from like maybe it has like a 3% change on your response rate to uh now it can effectively double your reply rate. And that is AI tends to write a more formal email. And so if your buyer is running this like categorization exercise in the 9-second window where they are flying through the like email and you're trying to get it understood, read, etc. You have to write in this informal fashion. And so, you know, I know with agencies, a lot of y'all are like sitting in the weeds doing prompting. And the reality is you can't just tell an LLM, hey, can you make this email less formal? Um because that's not a clear direction, right? If I told you, hey, can you go make this email less formal? You'd say, I don't really know how to do that, right? And so I wanted to give some like tactical tips on exactly how to do that. so that you know as y'all are building you know your next campaign whether it's in Aura which we got some cool stuff to show you today on like how we've built smart lead into that system so that we can manage um uh and I'll actually show you some like differences that it's made in like campaign response rates by switching over to smart leading um but also wanted to um you know recognize that not everyone here is going to use aura and that's okay I still want to be helpful which is like how exactly are you going to go in and create these emails to um uh write in a more informal fashion. And so one of the key things is like the email really shouldn't look or feel like an email. So the the patterns and the styles that we're seeing work really well right now almost resemble like a text message. um where they're short, they're just focused on getting a reply, but that also feeds into the campaign strategy, right? So like uh Grant, I see you got your video on, so I'll pick on you, right? So like if I'm texting Grant and I'm like, you know, trying to explain Aura to Grant and like want to start a conversation with Grant, who's, you know, effectively a stranger, my text message is not going to necessarily read like a cold like email. It's going to read like I know Grant. Grant's got his video on our webinar. I'm gonna like have a much more warm and friendly tone where I use things like exclamation points which have an impact. Um I'm going to go from sentence to sentence where I imply a subject or I imply a direct object or an indirect object where an LLM might not do that because LLMs are trying to be very clear. And so you have to give it that guidance of, you know, hey, in some instances it's okay to imply the direct object or the subject of this email because the reader will understand what's happening. Um because they're a human being, they can follow along. Um so instead of like starting an email with um I think like the classic example of like starting a like a personalized email is like I saw X right? um you can just remove the word I. That's probably like the easiest example to like wrap your head around. Or um instead of being like, you know, uh folks are seeing results from using aura, right? Um folks are using this to see results. It's a much more casual way of writing, but that has a huge huge impact. Um, and so that's probably the most um complicated one to create and like um make happen. But then there's other ones where um they're a little bit more simple things like uh using contractions, uh abbreviating longer words to make them more colloquial, right? Like my ICP, they know what an OP is. I don't need to type out opportunity. Um, and so there's good examples of like words that you can give an LLM to say, "Hey, use these as substitutes for these types of words that are typically jargon in MySpace." Uh, and then the other thing that I'm seeing work really well as well is um and and it's like kind of interesting because it it goes against what your gut is telling you to do, but a lot of times in the email you really want to explain what you do. Um, you want to give them context on like how you can help them, exactly where your solution fits in. Um, and you can do this in Aura where like you can tell the like system, hey, don't pitch us, just try to start a conversation on what's going on with them. Um, this can be really effective. Um, and so like let's say I'm selling Smartle and I'm reaching out to um, health tech companies that are reaching out into the healthcare space, right? my signature line is going to effectively operate as my billboard and the email itself is going to read like a text, right? So, Grant, you're my um you're my VP of sales at healthtech.io, right? I'm reaching out to you. I'm like, Grant, reaching out to hospitals. Um I'm curious, have you ever wondered if you're landing in their primary inbox? Hospital uh inboxes tend to have a really strict spam filter. Send. That's all I need to say, right? Because below in the uh signature line, one of the things that I'm a really big fan of setting up is like obviously plain text, super simple, but give them like a tagline that explains exactly what you do, right? Um and that like gives them enough context where they can be like, "Ah, got it. That's probably why um you're you know explaining that. Um Sheila, what reader grade is your choice? Um yes. So grade level to writing really matters. Um so getting that email down from like 12th grade reading level to say like a fifth grade, you're going to see about 67% more wise. But can't agree more to what you said though because with most most of the experts we talk to as well right uh in terms of deliverability is the same thing that they say. So the psychology they go behind is if you receive an email notification would you scroll down and read it is the psychology they go behind. So keep it short, keep it meaningful, keep it straightforward and that's what you exactly said as well. But talking about what data you're seeing right now, right? You spoke a lot about emailing and messaging, but what's changing in buyer behavior, Will? >> Yeah. Um, it it's interesting. What's changing in buyer behavior is the same thing that's always been happening, which is the inbox is I always describe as inboxes triage. I am I show up in my inbox. I see a hundred emails every day and my job is to filter through and figure out what matters. How can I get through this as quickly as possible? And what ultimately do I want to put the mental calories towards, right? And so the reality is is like when I'm seeing these emails, I'm like, is this a sales email? Yes or no. And like is it relevant? Yes or no. Um and then move on. And so if it's too hard for me to figure out if it's relevant, I move on, right? It could be amazing. It could be the answer to all my problems, right? You see those memes where it's like, you know, the futuristic city and it's like, if only XYZ happened, right? It's like, yeah, if only everybody read every single cold email, this would be society. We'd all have flying cars and like everybody would have, you know, amazing inbox deliverability and life would be perfect. Um, but the um reality is like, yeah, buyers are just like filtering out so much noise. Um, and so the way that they go through their inbox is this like first and foremost categorization exercise of what is this? And then ultimately, do I care? Um, and so when we think about how do we structure emails to fit that, you know, you have to break with these patterns that people are used to. Um, but even more importantly, you have to write to their needs, their situation. And it's so so so so much about like you know making it about them and really less and less and less about you. Um and so ultimately it's like are you having this problem? If so we can solve it but like let me make sure you have that problem first and foremost. Yousef asked a really good question in the chat which is like how do you avoid this concept of oversimplification? So, Gong's been posting this data on like longer emails are better, and I love them, but their social media team loves to remove some of the nuance from what's actually happening. And they actually recently posted that like shorter emails are better for cold email. We've analyzed this data like a billion ways over. And it's the question is actually, are we talking about the first touch cold email or are we talking about the follow-up emails to that cold email? When you're talking about the follow-ups, you actually see that there's two best practices that emerge, and they show up as two different types of emails. So, a follow-up email can be one of two things. It can be really short, which is effectively bumping the original email. And so, I like to create like a thoughtful bump. Um, or you can really expound on what you're trying to get across. And so email two or email three could actually be what I call a clarification email where you are clarifying, hey, here's why in email one I asked that question. It's because we're helping customers just like you with this exact problem. Here's usually what they're seeing. Here's exactly where we come and fix those problems. Let me know if that's relevant. And so what you see in the follow-up data is this like U-shaped curve of length, but it actually ties back to a um a need for one of two things to happen. Either bumping the original thread or expounding on that. Um and so when you're trying to avoid oversimplification, the way to approach that is with those clarification emails. If you recognize the first emails tend to be a little bit simplistic, um offer some depth in the followup. not necessarily all in one in that first email because a lot of times we we get a little in our head and we're like I need to explain everything right here right now. But like back to my example, if I'm texting Grant, Grant, you're a saint for letting me just use you as my my muse here. But like, you know, my first text is not going to be some long- winded giant paragraph, right? Nobody wants to open their phone and see some super long text message. And so allow that first message and then follow up and add a little bit more depth because they didn't respond. Um, and so you can really think about this from a sequence design standpoint that way. >> Awesome. Thank you for that. And one other interesting question I wanted to ask is are you seeing any patterns on how buyers are actually responding these days? Well, we spoke more about the behavior as to how they take it, but do you see any patterns in how they're responding these days? Um, I I obviously, you know, I I operate through the lens of there's outside of like somebody saying unsubscribe, there's no such thing as a bad response. Um, and that is if you're thoughtful in your approach, you tend to get a thoughtful response. So, this ties back to psychology. It all does, right? And this concept of reciprocity. So at the end of the day, this person on the other end, if they feel as though there was effort put in to say, I understand you and I really thought that this was a good reason to reach out, they tend to at least give you the thought back to say, hey, it's just not a fit right now. Right? Not a fit right now is not a bad response. It's actually a good response that opens up the opportunity for you to ask more questions. So, one of the big challenges that I see with a lot of sales uh dev orgs is they get these replies and they can't convert them to meetings and the answer actually shows up in the data. And so there is like one thing that I could ask of everybody here is when you get a reply, ask questions. Like the wide majority of postrely emails do not include a question. So, you know, they respond back and you say, "Cool. Let's get some time on the books, right?" Well, the reality is if you keep asking them questions, they will stay engaged in that thread and you'll actually have a ton more context coming into that first call anyways. Um, you can qualify that buyer more. You can give them a more personalized demo. Uh, the best practice data we have on it right now is somewhere between like two to four questions in any of those like follow-up responses. Um so yeah to oversimplify it it's stay curious >> understood. I'm taking a step back talking about oversimplification. Uh picking one from the chat again. So just checking in doesn't work in the followup emails right or send email followup. Just checking in. Were you able to look at the previous message? Just checking if you saw my earlier message. Is that a no? No no no. >> Um so the like just checking in wanted to follow up on this. I actually don't hate these things if you pair it with like say the original context of your first email. So it's like hey given XYZ I wasn't sure if you had seen my last note >> right and like that >> type of followup it says like hey there was context in that first email that you didn't like clearly take the time on but I wanted to see if you did. That's functionally a little bit different than what I call the thoughtless thoughts email. Um where it's just kind of like thoughts because like it shows that you didn't put any thought into it. You just kind of automated a step. >> Makes sense. Makes sense. And in terms of what recommendations, Phil, do you have any? Because we hear 80 to 100 is good, 70 to 100 is good, but from the data you've been analyzing and from what you've seen, do you have any recommendations in the number of words to be used in your email? >> Yeah. Uh, it's it's really in that like 25 to 75 range. Um, and that's that's how I define short. So, um, and and it's like obviously more complex than just like use less than 75 words. um like use less than 75 words but try to use shorter words. Uh we've like run a bunch of analyses on this. Um like the commonality of a word doesn't actually matter. Uh the length is much more important than the commonality of the word. So uh folks are like well you know I can't like not use this complicated word. It's um you know it's jargon for the industry right? It's important. And so like, okay, um, the question a I'd have is like, is there a simpler way to describe that? Um, or is there a way to quarantine that in a short sentence with other small words, right? Like personalization, right? It's a big word. Um, everyone has a idea of what it means. Um, but if I want to include that in a cold email, well, something I want to do with that is make sure that it's quarantined inside of a smaller sentence. So instead of you know trying to explain personalization in a complex sentence maybe what I'll do is I'll like move that into its own sentence and I will say uh we make personalization easy right all the other words we make easy those are one syllable words and all of a sudden now it's easier to understand what we're doing with personalization because it's quarantined in a way that the reader can quickly see it understand it and move forward. forward. >> Interesting. >> But a good a good exercise because like you know building these campaigns, building these emails, um trying to figure out ways to shorten your emails. Um you have to be able to do it yourself before you can instruct an LLM to go do something. And so one of my favorite exercises is to open Twitter and try to fit my cold email into a tweet. Um, yeah, it is like surprising how getting out of the inbox, getting into a new user interface and seeing just like this like either line of red if you're on like the free tier of, you know, Twitter or like, oh, all of a sudden like you have this many characters left. Um, it's a really just like helpful way to be like, okay, how would I trim that down to fit? And so you have this like forcing function for you to be like well okay I can remove this sentence or I can change this word or I can adjust um how this is structured. >> I'm going to try this after the call give us word counter in sequence box please. >> Yeah we got some feature requests. But before we move on to the next one, uh one question from Grant, right? So how do you feel about personalization and trigger based messaging? Is it necessary or can you just segment your list well enough and send the same templated message to all the prospects if it's case by case? What factor point you in which direction? So, this is a a big part of like the why behind Aura because we've been building a Chrome extension to help sellers with the onetoone email for years, right? and this concept of building a um you know tool that does like mass automation we were like you know it was just not something that like we've felt interested in building uh because it didn't feel like it was good for the buyer ultimately everything that we tried to do is like what is putting the buyer at the end like first and foremost and so as we started to look at this space of AISDRs emerge and really take off. One of the things we looked at was okay, well, how are they building these things? Like, what are the underlying systems? What are the underlying assumptions? And this trigger-based output was a big piece of that. And so, as we started to dig into it, there was two things that um really like sat at the center. One is um what is the true context behind that trigger? Um, and two, do you even know if it's a good trigger or is it just a play you want to test? Right? And so sometimes a trigger you know is just going to work. And the reason you know the trigger is going to work is because you know exactly why that trigger matters, exactly how you fit into that trigger. But even with a single trigger, you're missing loads of context. And so what I see in a lot of these campaigns that go at scale is the trigger doesn't necessarily connect back or it misses crucial context when you're trying to create these emails. And so when we built Aura, one of the things that we did to approach this concept of triggers was cool, we can use triggers, but why don't we actually try to get the full scope of context on that particular buyer situation. And what we started to uncover is we get to create this really rich uh view of what is going on at that like um at that company, the market that they're serving on the individual level. So like at the end of the day like that person's background, the companies that they've worked for, uh what that company offers, the markets that they serve, what's going on in those markets, right? Back to my health tech example, right? Medicare spending in the US is going down, right? That's going to impact every single company that is selling into the healthcare universe. And so that's important market context that should feed into the campaign. And unless you're setting up the campaign to do all that, like you're not in a good place if you're only operating on like a hiring trigger, for example. That's not to say that like a trigger-based campaign can't work. Um, a lot of times like just a single trigger can be enough context. So, uh, some examples where a single trigger might be enough context to start a conversation. Um, it could be a exec that's used your product in the past has changed companies, right? It's typically enough context to start a conversation. Um, you know, how I might message them is like, um, Grant, thank you for keeping your video on because I'm just keep using you. So, it's like, all right, Grant used Lavender before, Grant's now at a new company. Well, cool. I'm going to start my email with that context and then, you know, talk about what we're doing and like see if they're open for, you know, catching up, right? Um, obviously that campaign would be better if I understood what the new company is, how it differs from the last company. Um, you know, is there, you know, comparisons? Is it, you know, contrasting? Is it, you know, in the same vein of like what they were doing before? Um, so like a few few like pieces of the puzzle there. Um, the other one that I tend to find like works really well are things like inbound. Um, so like um, and grant I'm loving that. Um, so like let's say somebody downloads an asset, right? That's really good context to start a conversation. So these inbound use cases tend to be really good, right? Like oh, you requested a demo. Yes. like context on the company, how you might use the product, etc. why you might be interested in using the product are all really interesting pieces of the puzzle, but like that's a good single trigger that I know can work. Um, and like I use the hiring example as like a a no no, but like we know internally that like here's exactly where the value of our product ties in. And so we know that's actually a really good trigger for our team to use. And so we've run like very specific trigger-based campaigns where we know that works. And so like yes, if the play works, the play works, but a lot of times you could be missing like some pretty crucial context. >> Makes sense. And I think Gran got his answer as well. But the next segment is basically introducing your aura. We got people asking for it. So introducing Aura and the why behind it. Well, over to you, sir. The screen is yours. Go for it. >> Yeah. So, I thought it'd be fun to just like, you know, tempt Murphy's law here and spin up a true campaign. So, um, the reason I wanted to spin up a campaign is because I wanted to show y'all exactly how we've built Smartle into the system, but I will also show you how we've built because everyone here, I imagine, uses Smart Lead. So, I'll also show you how we've built it so that you can push your Aura campaigns into Smartle. So, I've got both things covered. Um but first let's build a campaign. So for this I pulled a list out of Clay. I pulled uh superintendent at K through2 schools. And so I put a few uh superintendent 86 into that system. I'm going to go train Aura. And so what I'm going to do here is I'm going to put in the URL of a company that sells to schools powerschool.com. I'm going to hit retrain. And what's going to happen is we're going to go send an agent to that website. We're going to start to understand what that company offers. We're going to understand the roles that they probably uh target. We're going to understand the departments they typically go after. Uh the reason we put these filters in is because um lead list can be messy, right? I've pulled a list of VPs of sales and all of a sudden gotten a bunch of recruiters, right? And so one of the things that we put into the product was like how can we help you filter? Um but if I wanted to I could come in here and say all roles, right? So like I can bypass that filter if I would like to. Um I don't necessarily have to, but it's just an example. So I'm going to go with Lavender's filter here just to uh keep things simple. All right, the next piece are the value props. So value props we autofill them but like you know I've run campaigns with only two value props. You can see here I can add value props. I can edit these value props. The idea here is you are setting the context for your agent the seller here. Like ultimately when we do all this crazy research, what are we comparing it back to so that we can demonstrate the value that we provide to them in that moment, right? And so you're effectively building out the seller's brain here to help them um understand how to approach these individuals. So um I'm going to go with our default. We're just going to you know assume that or got it figured out. Now the instructions piece, we automatically fill in the instructions. But if you think about what's happening here, you've got who to go target, what you need to know, and what I want you to go do, right? So, if I wanted to go write all of these emails in Spanish, I just say, "Hey, uh, context. Everyone on this list is in Spain." And so, I would like you to write the emails in Spanish. Right? You talk to it like you would a sales rep. Um so what you can see here is like I'm giving like some generalized um direction that we give to every agent and then we have the ability to um either u focus only on folks that are having a dynamic event that's happening right here right now or we can turn off the trigger requirement and what the product will then go do is also take the traits the aspects of the company and prioritize those as well. Um, I'm gonna keep it as is. So, we're just going to go true Murphy's law. Let it run the way, you know, the good Lord intended and we'll see what's happening on the other side. So, what happens here, like any um, you know, sales rep that you would say onboard and get set up, you'd say, "Hey, here's what you need to know. Here's what I want you to do. Show me a few examples before you go outbound, right? I want to make sure you're doing what I want you to do." Um, and so what Ora is going to go do, it's going to take a sample from that list. It's going to start researching them. It's going to start to create this profile of the buyer, their company, um, everything that's going on. Oh, good question, Yousef. Uh, it does manually like we autofill it, but you can manually go in and edit. So, all that's like set up by default, but you can go in and edit those things as you like. So what's happening here is we're creating these like really rich uh views of what's happening at that account, what's happening with that individual, and we're then comparing that back to the value that Power School in this case is going to go provide. And we're going to start to write some emails using these core instructions overall, but also that big rich intelligence layer of emails that we've got on our back end um feeding this as well. And so like um a good example of like how I've set up campaigns to run in the past um while this is loading I'll show you this. So uh I think it switched over so you should be able to see this. Okay. So like this is an example of like a much more intricate campaign where you know Grant this would be like VPs that have used Lavender in the past and we're going to go reach out to them about Aura. And so I give it some context. I give it instructions like, hey, in this first follow-up email, I only want you to say this. And so you can see Aura takes that and it applies it into the email. And so in this example, I've disabled the trigger requirement because I already have effectively a trigger here, which is they've used our coach in the past, and here's exactly how I want you to message around that. And it actually goes and executes. It's like, hey, um, read about the, you know, features of the product. Um yeah, you know, given you've used Lavender before, I wanted to share how Aura could help you cut through the inbox noise. Um we're going to use, you know, foundation types, giving priorities to help customize emails to those philanthropic audiences. And so they can immediately start to see, oh, that's how it works for me. But you can see here, I gave instruction on the first follow-up email. I only want you to say this, right? Uh it's only going to say that. And so like it goes and follows and does all the above uh as I ask it to. >> So while I was showing you that I was letting this thing work in the background and you can see here I've got a few different examples. More will start to load in as it does more research. Um but you'll see here um budget tax rate. So like I can dig into the research. I can see what it didn't prioritize. I can see what it did prioritize. Um I can see the reasoning behind the email. everything down to like the psychoraphic of the individual that I'm reaching out to. And we use all of this to create these emails. And so this is like default what we're going to go to market with. Now, I can adjust this as you saw in the other example, but I can be like, okay, I read about upcoming public hearing. Uh I've seen schools get stronger buyin using real-time data to back up spending choices. Are you looking for ways to make resource allocation clear for stakeholders? Right? So that example, it's not a lot about like what P school does. It's like, hey, are you trying to do these things? And the understanding from the buyer is like you're reaching out because you can help me with that, right? Um so um so I'm getting some questions about um what signals we pull in. How does that work? So we pull in effectively um pretty much anything and everything from across the web. Um, so I've seen it triangulate between a new CEO coming on board, that CEO's background and open job uh, roles at a company and write a onetoone email off of that. I've seen it pull a YouTube video of somebody speaking at a conference and using that to write an email. I've seen it um yeah take a product comparison on the web and use that to um connect the dots on like how do you want to uh bring that differentiation uh into emails that you're writing right um so few different examples of like how you can pull in but you see here like hey here to give you a quick nudge you know so back to that like hey wanted to bump this um and so you can see it like connect the dots back again to reach back out. Uh Yousef's asking about hallucinations. So, uh one of the things that we've built on the back end are like it's like some 12 plus different prompts that like every email is going to run through to make sure that it's not making stuff up, going insane, um saying something that you wouldn't want your mother to see. Like all the above, like we kind of run it through several filters. Um, but let's say like we review a few of these, we like it. Um, you're going to see, oh, actually before I move on, uh, you'll see this last email. So, this last email is a breakup email. Uh, folks get a little in their head about like what's a good breakup, what's not a good breakup. These things work. Um, so like don't knock it till you try it. Um, but we set up this like sequence to effectively create closure, right? We want them to know that we're not reaching out again. We want them to know that this is the end. Um, for multiple reasons. One, uh, it creates a little bit of scarcity of like, oh, well, if I don't respond, I'm not going to get more emails. Um but the other side of it is like functionally you want them to just like feel that closure because otherwise they expect more emails they might mark you as spam which is bad news bears. Um but unlike other uh tools in market we are going to then assign that account and that individual a listening agent. So, if something new comes up, right, let's say they launch their new school schedule or something, right? We'll pull that in and we will reenroll that person for a new sequence to go reach back out. >> But cool thing that I wanted to show y'all is how we actually go about sending emails. So, you can send out of your existing primary, sure, or any secondary emails you have set up. We can connect in here. Um, we have some different modes. So, you can uh let the system autonomously go do its thing. You can have these emails teed up for review on a daily basis. Uh or you can pipe them into your CRM or you pipe them in Smart Lead. And I'm going to show you how to do that. So, let me close that. And you can see here we've got a few different options. So, one, let's say you don't have Smart Lead and you are a noob about email deliverability. You don't know what you're doing. I can go in here and I can spin up an inbox. So, I'll just say try.co. Right. And so, I'll hit enter. And what's going to happen here is we're going to go out and we're going to search to see if that domain's available. Uh we will spin up a few different types of inboxes. So, we'll spin up some Outlook inboxes. We'll spin up some Gmail inboxes. And all of this stuff is going to be managed for you. So, we go we thank you, Smart Lead. we go and we buy the domains, we warm them up. All that stuff gets auto forwarded automatically. It's all set up for you. Um, so like you don't have to worry about like setting up the intricacies of like how do I warm this? Um, when do I rotate this inbox versus when do I not rotate this inbox. We're going to do all of that on your behalf. Um, controlling the send volume. um controlling like when it's time to put it back on the warmer versus like using a low level of warming while it's active. You thank you to the smart lead team for giving us all the ins and outs of like what is the best of the best because that is functionally what we do and as those things change right like because we love working with smart lead they tell us and we go make those things happen. Um that said I imagine y'all are all here because you have smart lead. Um, and so what do I do if I have an existing smartle campaign, right? What if I have an existing smartle infrastructure? Well, I can set it up to connect to smart lead. And before I show you exactly how to do this, I want to show you why this matters, right? Ultimately, everything has a reason, right? And that is we can send from your primary and you can expect good results, right? Here's an example of a campaign that we spun up that got like about a 4% response rate. Pretty solid, right? Well, what happened when we took that same campaign and we started to run it through Smart Lead's infrastructure? Uh, that reply rate went to 10%. So, you can see that deliverability power from Smartle taking our content and increasing the rate at which this thing works. So, how do I put this into my smartly campaign? Right? because this thing works pretty well. Now, I realize this is also a small campaign. Um, we've got several that we've tested. I just cherrypicked one. Um, but like across the board, we typically see these results really take off when you start to use that great deliverability infrastructure that Smart Lead team has put together. Um, okay. So, let's build a campaign that's going to pull in Aura. So, you noticed in the agent setup, we need the campaign ID and we need your API key. Well, we also need a campaign to fill those emails into, right? We need that campaign ID. So, what we do is we just set up a uh one, two, three sequence. Um, so I've set up like, you know, wait three days, send this email, wait six days, send this email. But all I need to do is just put in these tokens and Aura will go pipe in the appropriate content into those. And we've got support documents to to help you all figure out exactly how to do that. But the um the way that we set that up is, you know, we'll just start to feed this campaign um using these fields. And so you can then run it out of smartly all the replies there um and do everything within your existing smart lead infrastructure. Okay, catch my breath. Um, okay. Enrico, with the unique replies, does it filter out auto replies? Yes. Uh, out of office, those things, those are filtered out. Um, so we're not like paying attention to those. >> Wow. >> That was very interesting. >> Yeah. Uh, Mer. So, pricing details uh for Aura uh pricing is think of it as like a credit system, but think of it as bundled. So, the way that we price is $500 per month per agent. Now, think of an agent as a unit. Um, so when we originally built, we built around the capacity that you have for an inbox, right? And so like you really shouldn't be um just like looking at the average writing time per cold email. Um you really shouldn't be reaching out to say like more than like 50 people per day. Um really like 25. But like um thinking about this like metric, we built it so that an agent ties back to 350 contacts per month sending a thousand emails. And so I recognize this is a little bit different from say like running a clay campaign where you're talking like pennies because you're really operating on credits. But if you were to try to replicate all the research that Ora is doing, all of the prompting that goes into the copy generation, etc., you'd end up spending that same amount of money and you'd build out like hundreds of columns within a crate clay table. Um, and so like with this, like you're effectively getting all of that heavy lifting done for you. Um, and so it's ultimately tied back to like the token costs that we're incurring to go write these emails. Um, but the the question of like how would you scale it for like 2,000 leads? You just buy more agents to spin up more inboxes to send more emails. Oh, and then >> last piece on when you're spinning up with um Smartle within our system. Um you can use your primary inbox for like a limited period of time while we warm up those inboxes, right? So like we'll start to transfer over the traffic after like a twoe period, ultimately finishing the transfer over after like six weeks um to protect your primary uh for the long haul. I I've got folks that are just like, you know, y'all are on smart, so like y'all can appreciate this where they're just like, I would never send out of like a secondary domain. I'm like, cool. Well, you are just flirting with the spam filter long term because like it's just a matter of time before that primary gets burned. Um, you know, not everybody works at like IBM or Uber where you can just blast emails all day. Um, and so like ultimately this is where we want to see all of our senders sending out of whether it's etc. >> Question for you. When a lead is done in Aura, can I replace him with a new one at the end of the email sequence? >> Do you mind asking me that one more time? >> Yes. So when a lead is done in Aura, can I replace them with a new one at the end of the email sequence? Um, meaning like if there's two people at the account I want to reach out to, how do I make sure >> they get replaced? But I think it's more of what happens. Correct us if you're wrong, Mic. I think it's more of a credit is consumed, you replace it, and will it be consumed again? >> Yeah. So, a couple things that happen here. So, let's say I upload these 86 leads, right? Or is going to run through these in like less than two days. Um, but part of this like follow-up sequence where we assign the listening agent is we are going to recycle those leads over time. If say you put in multiple people from the same company, um, we're not going to send an email to multiple people at the same company on the same day. So like, you know, you could say work an account longer. Um, the um, but the piece here is like you could add as many leads as you want. Uh we actually do some intricate stuff with intent providers to prioritize those. So like let's say you put in 20,000 and your um capacity because you've only bought I don't know say two agents is or let's say three agents for easy numbers, right? So you're able to reach out to a thousand people per month, but you've got 20,000 people in here. We've partnered with some intent providers. Um we do all the setup for intent keywords on the back end for you because you know AI can go do that. um and we'll filter down that list and then we'll filter it down further with those uh trigger event to make sure that we're reaching out to the best lead within those 20,000 at any given time. So um we're always um writing emails, always pushing people through uh whether it's recycling leads that we've reached out to and we're following up with um or the flip side bringing in new leads into the sequence. >> Understood. And a question from Grant. So when is it necessary to use something like Aura and when is it not? For some high volume, low lifetime value clients, the pricing just doesn't make sense as much. >> Sure. Um at the end of the day, email is going to be a question of two things. The number of emails you send and the conversion rates that you have, right? So I see a lot of these scaled campaigns getting like 1% reply rates and I'm like okay so if I could get a 10% response rate that means I need to work you know 10% of that existing list to get the same output. Um right like that example I showed between this and this one like the amount of leads that went through this are like way higher than the amount of leads 50 that ultimately got me five replies. And so it's less about the price point on the other side, right? Obviously that helps you understand like, okay, well, what's a meeting worth to me? Um, how many replies does it need to get in order to get this response? Um, 10% reply rate, what niche? Um, literally, uh, you have that list here, it's like a list of SMB sales leaders and like no filtering whatsoever. So, it's literally just like kind of curve launch. Um, so I use that as an example because like the list isn't niche. It's literally like, hey, this company has less than 200 employees and they have a sales leader. Um, and so that's really I think the magic behind like the level of research. Like I find some of the craziest niche um, groups get some of the highest response rates. Um, so like an example I'll give is we had a customer uh we have a couple customers with these like north of 10% response rates. Not on Smartly yet. Yet I put yet in there. Um, where they're getting north of 10% response rates. They're reaching out to like law firms in New York City about moving services or they're reaching out to rural hotel chains. Right? These folks have never seen a personalized email in their entire lives. And like it stands out because you know aura is pulling in not only like you know you think about a rural hotel chain right I turn off uh trigger requirements for that campaign and it's just using the intricate like ins and outs of their business to write onetoone emails to them right so like let's say I'm reaching out to restaurants like it'll pull the Yelp reviews it'll pull the location it'll pull if they've opened a new location um it'll pull all those aspects to write these emails for an ICP that like traditionally hasn't been worth doing the onetoone two. >> Understood. And uh one more question from Alex. If I have a website de anonymizer and I get the leads in a clay table, validate the data and score leads, how can I send them to Aura? >> How can you send them to Aura? Um so I would just export them as a CSV. This is probably probably the one like example where it may or may not be a good fit for uh Aura because a lot of times with website anonymizers, you really want to be like hyper timely with like reaching out right then, right now. Uh and that's probably a better fit for a tool that's going to operate off of like a web hook um to go send out. Whereas like the way we schedule up emails is like we to control for costs, we go and like run our analysis, schedule out the emails, um you know, at like your respective like 2 am and then we go like schedule them out for the day ahead. And so um it's not going to necessarily like oh they're on the site, go ping them. Um there's plenty of tools that are great for those web hook type connections. Um that's just not like our thing. Um, but let's say you like, you know, have a list of folks that have been deanonymized on the website and you want to write them one to one emails and you're not as concerned about the timing. You would just export as a CSV and put it in. Um, we can also pull like a Salesforce report for example and pull the contacts from that if you guys use Salesforce. Um, but those would be the two ways you could put them in. Uh, and then the question on multiple email IDs for one agent. So, I didn't really cover this, but you have here like campaigns. So, let's say you want different smart lead uh sequences. I think that's what you call them. Uh everybody calls them like sequence, campaign, whatever, flows, plays, whatever. Um like you can set up multiple campaigns and assign them to different um flows within um uh different flows within like a smart lead. Um, yeah. So, that's actually a good question, Mark. Um, >> yes, >> 500 350 active contacts. Think of it as not necessarily 300 active contacts. Think of it as it'll reach out to the best 350 that month. So, yeah, you can upload as many as you want. it's going to continuously work through that list per agent that's going out, right? So, like if I buy two agents, um I might upload 10,000 leads, it's going to work 750 that month. >> And one more question from Yousef, can you use Lavender and Clay to just write the emails like other AI letters? >> Not yet. Um and big reason for that is just like um ultimately we operate right now only on like an email address. We've set up some custom things, right? Like, so let's say uh we have a customer that is using Smartly. Um but we have a customer that reaches out to um uh like mobile apps. And so the ranking of that mobile app is like really important in their outreach. And so they pass us a custom field that they're pulling through like a clay enrichment table. And then they pass it to us to include into the emails. If you need something like that, we can set it up for you. Um, but right now it's not piping from or through Clay. It's just, you know, like my workflow is I'll build a list in Clay, export, and then put it in here. >> Understood. And the next question was a follow-up question for the previous one. So, can you run multiple campaigns with one Aura agent? >> Um, yeah, we can split that workload for you if you need it. >> Understood. And of the agent is just the number of contacts, right? It's like if we need to split that workload to accommodate, we can. >> Mhm. Understood. And is there a list limit per agent? Will >> no. Um more is more. Um so like ultimately if like the campaign is set and there's lots of people that could run through that campaign, put as many people as you want into that campaign, see that it's working and then you can scale up the sending volume that you would, you know, use for said campaign. So you would just buy more agents to work more of those leads. >> Understood. Any other questions? Uh I had one uh well right uh so before I go to the next one out of all the data and everything that you see, what are common pitfalls for people with data personalization and scale? >> Common pitfalls. Um, common pitfalls I find with personalization is you're just missing the bigger picture or like the true context of like why you're reaching out. Um, and so like you know it I see all these folks come up with all these crazy plays that they're running and like they might not be applicable for what you're actually doing. It might not apply. Um, and so like I always try to put myself into the buyer shoes first. I'm like, if somebody shot me an email that's like like this is one of those like campaigns that drive me nuts. It's like LinkedIn engagement. Um, let's be real. Like the most of the messaging that is generated in that world are typically going to be like, "Hey, I saw you like this post by blah blah blah. You know, it talks about this. Here's what we do." Right? it runs into what I call like the anyways problem where like the logic isn't really baked into the email. It's this like hard break in logic of like I did my research now here's my pitch and that just like that contrast and like break for the client is or you know the reader at the end of the day like they just they don't enjoy it. They um and they opt out. it just becomes yet another piece of noise. It used to work um and like in some cases it can work but like um I just find they they tend to um lack really important context. >> Awesome. And one question from have a deep context on the person or on the company with with >> Yeah. So, think of it as like Aura is going to go gather really deep context on the person and the company and the market that they serve. Um, what's actually more important when using Aura is understanding are your like fundamental value props going to really change as you go out to this person versus that person. Right? If I'm reaching out into um say health care versus manufacturing, I might have some like core things that I want to talk about that are functionally different or say if we're running an event that's like functionally different thing that I'm reaching out about. And so I would set up a different campaign to segment um that uh generation of content. >> Any more questions? And mind you, like I'm always open to like hearing things that y'all are interested in having us build. Like folks that like um are are like interested in seeing us release. Like we're rolling out new stuff all the time. Like that user interface that I showed like we literally rolled like a new revision to that yesterday. Um and so like I was like I guess I'm showcasing this live. Um, but like yeah, the the ins and outs of it's like there's things you want, there's things that you need, like we are constantly listening, constantly building um to make life easier for y'all. So, um, as there's things that you run into or questions that you have, you're like, it'd be so cool if it did X, right? Like, tell us because we will go build X. >> Perfect. Any more questions? If yes, we'll ask them to will. If not, we're already 10 minutes late. We'll call it today. Any more questions? >> Well, >> yes. Thank you, Will. >> I appreciate y'all. Hey, thanks for coming around and spend some time with us. >> Awesome. And thank you so much for your time, Will. Thank you so much for these insights. You Oh gosh, I think you froze on us. So, I see you all tomorrow. Thank you so much for taking the time. Thank you so much, Will. Ciao. Thanks, y'all.
