---
video_id: 953knfeBgxo
title: "Josh Braun Shares Sales Techniques That Work"
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=953knfeBgxo
published: 2025-10-29
fetched: 2026-06-13
method: supadata
---

# Josh Braun Shares Sales Techniques That Work

## Why it matters for the playbook
Josh on cold-outreach techniques that get responses: poke-the-bear questions and problem-led messaging instead of pitching. Core psychology for the messaging layer.

## Transcript
Hello and special guest today. This is a a really fun episode to introduce. We're here with Josh Braraw. Um there's a lot of noise on LinkedIn. Most of it is trash that uh isn't worth paying attention to, but um I didn't mention this before we hit record, but Josh, your stuff on LinkedIn is like it's maybe like you and one other guy who I'm like looking forward to the next thing. Um, and that that's a big deal. So, first on a personal note, thanks for making my LinkedIn feed a lot more helpful in my life. Um, and if you're new, uh, Josh is a he I I think of him as, uh, a sales consultant worth paying attention to. He teaches people how to sell without selling their soul. Um, he's got a free book over at joshbrrawn.com. But, uh, we're just excited to have him in the room with us. Josh, welcome. >> Thanks for having me, guys. Appreciate it. Um, yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Jeremy. I'm just like kid in a candy store. I'm I'm gonna like jump right in unless you want to go for it. Super to have you, Josh. >> All right, so Josh, um, the king of interrupting, um, let's dive straight into it. So, our listeners are here to, you know, start sales conversations essentially with strangers. Um, and one of your approaches that I've paid a lot of attention to lately, um, poke the bear. Maybe you could tell us what that is. >> Yeah. So, if you've ever gone to a mall and you've been walking to go somewhere and one of those mall kiosk people locks eyes with you and says, "You have beautiful brown eyes. Can I ask you a question?" You're going to shy away because you know what's coming next. You know, you're going to convinced to wear some sea scrub on your hands and get sold some sea scrub. So this idea of when you start to pitch products to people, when you say try my C scrub or in a cold call, when you start to pitch or convince at the top, what happens is people go into the zone of resistance. It's a natural reflex reaction to losing autonomy. Um, so when I first started selling, like most sellers, I would call and I would give my 30 secondond elevator pitch, my value proposition. And I learned pretty early on that most of the time I was getting shut down. And what I later learned is that it's it's a convincing reflex. People don't like being convinced. Now, contrast that with a story that happened to me many moons ago. I'm in the same mall, but this time my wife wants to return something and we were going to grab some dinner afterwards in the town center at True Food. It's a restaurant. And to just kill some time, I walked into a fit to run store, not needing anything. So, if the store associate said, "What brings you in today?" I would have said, "I'm good." If she said, "Let me show you these new sneakers we just got in that are super light," I would have said, "I'm good." If she would have said, "You got any problems with your sneakers?" I would have said, "I'm good." But she didn't do any of those things. Instead of making statements and convincing, she looked down at my sneakers and she asked a question and she said, "Are you a runner?" It's very hard for me to raise an objection when someone's asking me a question. I can't say I have a vendor for that because doesn't make sense. I go, "Yeah, I am a runner." And then she said, "Are you training for any races?" Question number two. And I said, "Actually, I am. I'm training for a half marathon." And then she said this, "You've probably had a running gate test." And I said, "What's that?" And I have video of this that I show in my workshops. I'm on a treadmill 2 minutes later in the store taking a running gate test. She videos the thing and she freezes the frame and she zooms in on my ankles and she goes, "You notice anything?" I go, "Yeah, it looks like my ankles are over pronated. So what?" And she said, "Well, the problem is if you're running sneakers that are not made for pronated feet, especially when you run over six or seven miles, you increase the chances of getting injuries like planter fasciitis and runner's knee. If you'd like, I could check your sneakers to see if they're made for pronated feet." And about six minutes later, I'm spending $180 on new sneakers and insoles. Because what she's doing is she's poking the bear. She's asking a question in a neutral way to expose a problem with the current way. And the takeaway here is no matter what you sell, everyone's got sneakers today. Meaning they're getting the job done. So, we have a vendor for that, which is what a lot of people hear on a cold call is a reaction to calling and selling sneakers. >> But if you were to say, "What kind of sneakers do you have?" You're not going to hear, "We have a vendor for that." Because if I said, "You guys are you running in Nikes or an or like uh another kind of like Adidas?" No, I'm running in uh I'm running in Nikes. Versus, "We have the best Nikes. I got sneakers for that." So, the poke the bear approach is asking a question about a potential problem with the current way. One more example. I love to wash my car on the weekends. So, if you were to call me on a cold call and try to sell me a car wash bucket, I'm going to say I'm not interested and I'm good. But if you were to cold call me and say this, "Hey Josh, when you wash your car, do you wash it yourself or you have someone else wash it?" "Oh, I wash it myself." Using one bucket or two. I'm using a bucket. One bucket. So Josh, I don't know if you're seeing this, but a lot of times when people use a bucket and a sponge to wash their car, dirt can settle to the bottom, get trapped in the sponge, and can scratch their car. How are you avoiding that from happening when you wash your car? And that's going to make me pause and think, well, I guess I just rub it off. Like, what do what do you mean? Oh, you've probably heard of a grit guard. What's that? Well, that's this little thing that goes into a bucket, like a cheese grater, and you rub your sponge on it, and it settles to the bottom of the bucket and off your car. See the approach there? It's you're asking a question. That's exposing a knowledge gap. Same thing my contractor did when I told him he was 20% more than the other two bids I got. Instead of him saying, "You get what you pay for," which is going to put me in the zone of resistance, he leaned back and said, "Would it be okay if I ask you a couple questions about the bids?" And I said, "Sure." Um, are they using red gate as a moisture barrier for your wood floors? Um, I don't know. Are they using solid doors or hollow doors? Cuz they sound different when they close. They do. Are they replacing your copper pipes or using your existing copper pipes when they remodel your bathroom? I'm not sure. Again, a knowledge gap that allowed me to create my own disconnect and then lean forward. So, the art here is coming up with that question on a cold call that illuminates or pokes the bear in a neutral way to get people to scratch their head and think, "What do you mean?" >> Beauty. >> I love that. All right, we could end here and like this is already, you know, top 10. >> That was brilliant. >> No, it's so so let's unpack it. But again, Jeremy, I'm kidding candy store. Uh, jump in, man. What I want to hear like your react to that. I >> I love it. I actually been using that especially on LinkedIn DMs. So I basically say like oh well you know what do you use for you know sending emails type of thing. And I kind of have to preface it like hey I'm not a it's not a pitch. There's no string attached. It may sound like a pitch but you know I got to ask like what do you guys are using? And you know they they'll engage in a nice conversation. And then I use that primarily not to sell actually. I use that primarily to learn as to like, you know, how do you find that tool? Like what is it you actually like? So it's more like for research like I'm pretty bad at selling. Uh I think I think if you use it right, it's it's more for selling than anything, right? I mean make an argument that it's it's actually the better way to approach a lot of these sales conversations, you know. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think the other the underpinning here is if there's no problem with the current way, there's no reason for me to switch. >> Yep. >> And sometimes, especially when we're cold calling, the people that we're calling typically don't have a problem because they'd be calling us. So, we have to what I call poke the bear. We have to know what the potential weakness is that they might not know about that can hurt them. So, with cold email, you know, uh if I was calling for someone, I might say, "Hey, um John, I don't know what you guys are seeing over there." Now, that phrase >> that I use a lot, >> um subconsciously says there's no assumptions here and there's no fingerpointing here. Um but a lot of sales enablement folks I speak with and some of the data that we're seeing suggests that a good percentage of cold emails that people are sending are ending up in spam filters. I saw some stat like maybe 60 or 70% even when you have DKIM and SPF setup all the things um how are you avoiding spam filters today and then I'm just going to shut the front door and listen and let's assume you have something that you know solves that problem >> you know so that's warm up thing >> yes or whatever the thing is but the idea here is >> everyone's using something for email right now whether it's outreach or outlook or some other thing or whatever the thing or spread if I'm calling for captivate IQ when you guys calculate commissions Looks like you have 120 reps over there. Um, are you guys using spreadsheets and Excel or is it more of an automated process? Oh, we're using spreadsheets. Jeremy, you've been in RevOps for 10 years. You've probably looked into automating it. Oh, we have. And then I'm going to say something like this. Oh, it's it it seems like your comp plan was too complicated to be automated. And then what usually happens is they correct me. Well, it's not that. It's X, Y, and Z. and then perhaps there's something there or there's no problem to solve or there's a reason why I'm not a fit which is a perfectly good outcome for a cold call. >> So, can we maybe unpack uh Jeremy, I want to go back to that like opening line. I just want to see if Josh has any notes on that. Um what are you guys using for cold outreach? Uh and stop me Jeremy if that's not how you worded it, but Josh, I'd love to hear uh your take on is that a good bear poke? So, I would probably be a little more specific. Hey, when you guys are doing outreach, um, are you guys using like a a tool like a sales loss? Yeah, that's brilliant. >> Or like an out or like an outreach or is it more like setting up tasks in like uh Salesforce and following up manually and they're going to say we're using outreach. Now, if someone's using outreach, that might not be an ideal customer for you. >> It might be >> right a heavy lift. So, I might want to find people that are doing it manually >> integration or you know, it's a whole thing. I might want to find people that are like doing it manually with spreadsheets and tasks and Salesforce, you know. >> Yeah. >> Similar to that sales associate who said, "Are you a runner?" If you would have said, "No, couch potato." She probably would have said, "Hey, look around. Have a good day." >> 100%. And that's a perfect no is a not a fit is a good outcome if determined early. >> Where it's a problem is what I call talking vegans into eating meat. And it's something I do in my workshop. It's for sales people. You know, I I I do this thing. I'm like, "Yeah, you're selling grass-fed beef." I'm always amazed by this. I I have this post that I did. Um I did this poll like, "You're selling grass-fed beef." And someone says, "I'm a vegan. How do you overcome the objection?" And 90% of sales people try to overcome the objection. >> That's crazy. >> Versus, "Oh, I I maybe I should call meat eaters." >> That's right. >> There's a lot There's a lot of them. >> Yeah. >> You know, it is the same thing that uh we got something, Jack and I, about the subject line. A lot of people are trying to sort of like confuse people and stay very abstract and stuff like that and we're like no it could be like business proposal you know webcast interview at least you know make it clear for the person because if they don't open then that's fine they're not interested in that topic like there's no amount of things you can say that will like you say like a vegetarian you know eating meat or whatever like no amount of what you're going to say is going to to really help. So sometimes they try to add confusion and so on to get optimizing for the wrong metrics which are like you know opening my emails like who cares. >> Yeah. It's it's the biggest thing that I see is what is the terrible no good very bad thing that happens if people keep running in their sneakers and people have a hard time answering it because it's usually we help you run faster and that's not going to that's not going to do it. It's got to be uh a terrible no good very bad. One of the things I do in my workshop is I say this. I said, um, uh, here's, does anyone want to participate in this? Anyone have Venmo? So, people raise their hand or Zeli. Okay, great. Um, I want you to open it up. Here's my Zeli name, and I'll put yours in my phone. And I have a coin here. I want you guys to check it. See if it's a real coin. If someone checks it, heads, tails. Then I take out $2,000 cash, and I say, "We're going to flip this coin. You get to call it. If you call it right, I'm gonna give you the 2,00. But if you call it wrong, you're gonna Venmo me the 2,000 and I'm gonna put the 2,00 in and I'm gonna hit the send button. I'm gonna be holding your phone. >> Who wants to who wants to play? And most people most people won't play that because the fear of loss >> is stronger than the the gain. So, we have to poke at the problem >> that people don't know about. Just like what that person did, the sponge is another example of that. You know, hey Josh, when you're going down to Miami, I know you like to see concerts down there. Are you driving yourself taking an Uber or can you book a spot in advance so you don't have to pay $50 to park at the venue? I'm like, what do you mean book a spot in advance? What is that? It's another way to do it. That's a product called Spot Hero >> that lets you book a time in advance, right? That's another way to do it is to common thing common thing that's a little unusual that people will be like, "What?" It's another framework you can use to poke the bear. >> There you go. >> Yeah, >> there you go. Now, do you ever feel like um you need to disclose who you are and why you want to know that information? I'm tempted to throw a PS underneath saying I'm asking cuz um so that maybe I'm overcoming this objection like who the hell's asking, you know? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, we're jumping into sort of Yeah, we're jumping into sort of midway through the cold call with this because we start off that poke the car. It's really me, but there's an opening to a call as well when someone picks up and says hello. >> So, I'm not going to just say that when someone says hello. It would be a little jarring. >> Jeremy picks up. Jeremy says hello. I might say this. >> So, Jeremy, just say hello. >> Hi. >> Jeremy. >> Yep. >> Hey, Jeremy. This is uh Josh Braraw with Acme. I'm >> sorry. Do I know you? >> No, you don't. I am a rep actually calling about quickmail. Um you're still the developer for that. Am I right? >> Uh currently, yes. >> That's how I would open it. Then I would go into the poke the bear question. >> Got it. >> There you go. What do you you know, you probably not sure you're seeing this, but you probably have Right. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Now, um, do you feel like like maybe let's go back and, uh, table the the phone channel for a moment. You know, I'm just thinking here, LinkedIn DM, email. If it doesn't apply, you can, you know, shoot it down, too. But I'm curious in that, let's say you have a nice intro, you ask the the poke the bear question. Do you think it's best to leave it as is or to provide some context just to share why you're asking about what email setup they're currently having? >> So, it depends on what channel we're using. So, if we're using the phone, um, what usually happens on the phone is at someone will say, "What what is this? What do you do?" And I'm waiting for that moment because at that moment, the brain is now inquiring versus me filling the head with information. >> Love that. >> So, what is that what you guys do? Yeah. What we do um in one sentence is we have a grate that goes onto the bottom of the bucket so that when you rub your sponge on it, the dirt settles to the bottom off your car so you don't scratch it. >> And you provide that once they ask it for you. >> Yeah, once they ask it. Once they're kind of leaning forward. And if someone were to say, you know, I'm I'm using Outreach, I might say, man, those guys have been around for like seven years or 10 years. They're like pretty much created a category. Like what do you like about it? >> And then I might say, "Is there anything you wish it could do that it's not doing? I don't suppose so." >> And then I'll shut them. And what happens most of the time when you say that is you'll hear something a little nugget there, you know? So I'm sort of like is I don't suppose there's anything you wish it could do. That thing does everything in the world. They've been like a lot of people using it. I I don't suppose there's anything you wish it could do that it doesn't do. And then I might poke the bear and say, you know, I I don't know if this is happening with you, >> but a lot of people that are using outreach XYZ. Now, it can't with this outreach example, it can't be a small minor problem. >> And the reason it can't be a small minor problem is because people live with small minor problems all the time >> because limited resources and it's switching costs are high. Like I have a Pixel that's out on my back bedroom TV. It's a problem, but I rarely watch that TV and when I do, I barely notice the Pixel. So, I'm not buying a new TV right now because I have other things that are more expensive. So, we always have to find big expensive problems. With regards to QuickMail, I I don't know enough about the product now. It's been a while since I've used it. But, I probably if I heard someone was using Outreach, I'd probably move on >> and I'd try to find someone who was not using that. Maybe someone that's just doing it manually, >> maybe a startup or whatever. If someone's using like a sales, but there's also the possibility they're unhappy. So that's why I would ask some of those questions to see like, man, they really don't. Or I could ask a question that gets them to think, geez, what? And it usually can't be money because if I'm going to save 20% and I have the risk of having to uncouple all this stuff, >> it's usually not enough of a motivator to get me to switch. >> Yeah. Money works. Yeah. for those things. >> How do you like kind of workshop with a team, Josh, that's like, you know, I'll be honest, we got a couple pain points we solve, but you know, we kind of switch back and forth between them. H how do you kind of think through which pain point you need to double down on? >> So, it depends on who we're talking to. So, one of the mistakes I see sales teams make um nine times out of 10 is when they're making calls or sending emails, there's a mix of different types of titles and they're sending the same message to everyone. Well, a CMO cares about something that a marketing director cares about than a CEO director cares about, you know. So, I was doing a workshop with uh with Lean Associates, which they're brokers. They lease out buildings for businesses. And the CEO, Jeff, um was told by a client of theirs that had been a client for three or four years that they were switching brokers. And instead of defending the sale and saying, "Give us another chance, or why are you leaving?" he simply leaned back and he said, "Sounds like we messed up." And they opened up and shared some more. And he listened for seven or eight minutes. Just listen to understand. And then he poked the bear because we were doing this workshop >> and this is exact. I'm gonna butcher this a little bit. He said it better than I did. But after they were heard and understood after seven or eight minutes, he said, "Hey, look, um, I know you guys are leasing a space on Lions for environmental purposes. You're you're doing like dye in there." And what we've been seeing is that when the tenants move out, which I know yours are in a in next month, the owner of the building is getting hit with 30 to $40,000 in remediation cost for cleanup. How are you getting ahead of that? And this person was like, "What? I don't uh the uh" and he was able to get back in. Now, if he started with that, it wouldn't have worked as well. >> Why not? >> Because the person didn't feel understood first. >> Yeah. They defensive. It's like, "Oh, you're you're going to try to get me or like I got to feel understood first." It's like if you walk into a restaurant and they say, "You're having the shatapan." Like, you didn't even ask me if I eat meat. It's like going to a travel agent on preferences. So, I got to feel understood first before I'm going to trust what you recommend. >> Okay. So, so let's say our goal is to get people on this call. Um, and we know that the folks that we're kind of reaching out to are brokers that have tenant turnover and every time there's a tenant turnover, uh, the previous owner has to pay, you know, 30 40 grand for this environmental fee. Is it is I mean, that's a heck of a pain point. It almost feels like you could kind of lean like um like let me let me try an attempt here. Um, you Hey, Josh. Uh you're probably aware that when your next tenant turns over in December, um Acme is going to, you know, probably have 30 to 40, you know, environmental 3040 grand in environmental fees. Um how are you guys like going about reducing that number a bit? >> Yeah, that's the idea. But what I would do is I would I don't want to make the person feel guilty. >> So what I'm going to do is I'm going to soften a little bit. I I don't know if this is the case with I don't know if this is the case with you, >> but what we've been seeing with other people in the same situation >> is this. When the when the tenants move out >> when they're in buildings for environmental use, you probably have this covered obviously. Um they're getting hit with these fees for cleanup. How are you getting in front of that today? I'm going to assume they're getting in front of it somehow. >> Amazing. >> Rather than rather than you are doing this wrong, I don't want people to feel they're doing it wrong. It's the same thing with the quickmail example. If I start bashing outreach >> Yeah. and I start going to pain, it's it's going to be a problem because maybe I put it in like maybe I was the one that So, I'm gonna say, "Wow." Um, what do you like about it? You guys been Were you like an early adopter? Those guys were like they were pretty much like first. They were they kind of creat I don't suppose there was anything that you wish it was was doing better. Like those guys are pretty perfect. And then what you'll find is >> sometimes people Well, I wouldn't say they're perfect. It's like I got a great call from a real estate agent >> a month ago. It was phenomenal. Guy calls me up. Josh, yes. Do you still own the property on Marbella Drive? I do. Well, you know, there's a lot of demand for homes in that neighborhood. They're going for actually above listing. I don't suppose you're looking to sell it. I'm not. I like it here. And what this guy said was this. It was brilliant. I wrote it down. Wrote a post about it. He goes, "Oh, it sounds like it's your forever home." And my desire to correct kicked in. I don't know about you. I want to go to Colorado or you know mountain town one of these days. I don't want to like die here. And he's like, "Hey, no problem." He goes, "I know your time's not right. From time to time, I send out comps in the area. If you'd like, I can add you to the list." And I gave my email and now every once in a while I get >> these comps and when I'm looking to sell, which I might one day I'm going to think of him. But that's the phrase which is like >> you're probably it's your probably your effort for home. I don't suppose there's anything like you wanted to do better. That's >> is that a question or a sent a statement Josh? >> Statement. It's called Chris Voss of Never Split the Difference Fame calls this a label. It's also called emotional echoing. If you look at the literature, >> what you're doing is you're describing the underlying emotion >> that the other person's feeling. And you can practice this in your personal life. So like the other night, my wife's like, uh, I like, let's go get Japanese. She goes, I'm I don't want to Japanese. So I said, uh, we've been eating too much of it. Like you're sick of it. She's like, yeah, yeah. So what I'm doing is I'm trying to sick of it. Yeah. >> Trying to describe what she's feeling >> in that moment. And if you're wrong, if you guess wrong, >> the beauty of the approach is you get corrected. Either way, you get to more truth. >> There's a there's a couple of thing that are interesting in a in a technique you're using. There's obviously prefacing. So, it's like, hey, you know, I don't want to assume anything here type of thing. So, which is really great. Again, you know, lower the difference. And then I got like three postits next to my computers. And they basically it all start with like it sounds like it looks like you know so it sounds like you've been giving it a lot of thoughts you know lately Josh and it's just like it just open up people which is amazing I love that. >> Yes that's emotional echoing someone says I have to think about it >> the traditional sales response in every textbook is a lot of times when people say they need to think about it really means they don't have a lot of information. I have the information you need. So, what information do you need to make a decision? Like, that's a very typical traditional way to handle objections. What I would suggest is that when you do that, you're going to get a fake answer. You're going to pressure people. They're going to go into the zone of resistance. And even if they agree to a next step, they're not showing up because you're taking their autonomy away. >> Yeah. A better approach when someone says, "I need to think about it." is you might need to you might just lean back and say, "Sounds like you're weighing a bunch of options right now. Seems like you got a lot on your plate. You're not exactly sure if the if the juice is worth the squeeze. >> Or I might I might go like, "Sounds like this isn't a decision you have to make this week." >> Right. >> Right. Right. Yeah. >> Love that. Okay. Um Jeremy, I'm curious what your other two postets are. >> Ah, I didn't say the two other ones. So that's I >> I feel like I've I've got I'll tell you. So one is like it sounds like there's nothing can do to change your mind. That's a leading question. >> Is it interesting? >> Yes. Because I know where you're going. So, you might say something like this. Um, uh, I I don't suppose there are any events and circumstances that would cause you to review what your options are with regards to email. >> Good one. And then the last one I have is it sounds like it's important to you >> depending on what they say. >> Right. So, this is a skill. This is a very difficult skill actually. So, I had Chris Voss on my >> spot states. >> Yeah. It's it's it's a hard skill because emotional echoing requires you to feel what the other person's feeling, not you're not barking back what they said. So, I'll give you an example. Chris Voss was on my podcast a couple years ago and he asked me this question. What are you passionate about? >> And I go, at the time I was doing triathlons. He goes, "How come you're passionate about triathlons?" I go, "Well, I was doing them with my dad and we were going to train for a race together, but he passed away before he got to do it. He got cancer, so I was doing them in his honor." And then Chris Voss said nothing for what seemed like 10 seconds, but when I watched the podcast, it was like three and he said this in a very calm voice. >> Sounds like you were really close with your dad. >> And I kind of welled up a little bit and I was like I had to stop the podcast. He goes, "That's serotonin." >> When you can when you can label how someone's feeling more than they can describe it, >> you can do it. >> You you create this like, "Wow, you really get me." And when people feel like you get them, they begin to trust you. And without trust, there's no transaction. >> So Josh, just curious, man. Uh Chris Voss is the the hero of heroes, but uh what would have been nicer to hear or more important to hear from Chris. Uh sounds like you were really close to your dad and I love that. What if he would have said, "What was your dad like?" >> That would have been nice. >> Better. >> Yeah. I don't know. But I don't know. better. You know, I I probably would have spoken a a little bit about it, but emotional echoing is a is a little bit of a is the skill of in psychologist, if you've ever been to therapy, >> you know, psychologists do this all. Emotional echoing is trying to describe what the other person is feeling. And in doing so, you make people feel heard and understood. I'm saying, "What was he like?" It's going to draw me out some more, >> but it doesn't necessarily make me feel understood, >> right? like it doesn't have understood to talk about my dad when you nail how I'm feeling when you nail how I'm feeling >> you're like wow this person gets me >> like I'll give you another example I do for my workshop I I put a I have an actress that I use and uh she's a single mom she has two kids under the age of five and she comes home from work and she's going to say something and I want you to respond to it. Okay, Jack. So it's a single mom. >> She has two kids. All I want to do when I get home from work is drink a bottle of wine and smoke cigarettes. >> You know, you're a single mom. You got two kids. I think if they're in bed, rock and roll, mama. >> I don't know, Josh. Maybe I want you I want you to use emotional I want you to use emotional effort. >> Oh I'm sorry. >> So, what would what would it what would what is she feeling? You think? Sounds like, it seems like, feels like. >> Sounds like raising two small kids alone is exhausting. >> That's better. >> There you go. Thank you for that. I'm like jumping in. >> Now, women women happen to be I don't know why this is are way better at this >> than we are. They're just they're tuned in more. >> You know what what other feelings might this person if you had to go into her shoes, which it would be hard for you and me to go into, but if you can go into her, what other things is she feeling? Why why would she just want to come home and >> it's a bit of is there is there some bit of guilt or something like that because of you know willing to you know to to smoke and drink even for she shouldn't like for her own health and stuff. >> How can we validate it? You just want to you just want to unwind. >> Yeah. >> You don't you certainly don't want saying something >> seems like you have a lot right now on your on your plate, right? >> Yes. Yes. >> You certainly don't want to say you shouldn't be drinking and smoking with two kids, >> which is what a lot of people do. They try to solve and fix. >> Yeah. Exactly. Right. Yeah, it's a good one. >> Genius. Um, a short aside, I I used to work with the woman who started the truth campaigns, uh, when she was in high school. She was like doing stuff with the Obama administration and making like the, you know, get kids to stop smoking. And I was like, "All right, you you were there. Like, what's the best way to get a teenager to quit cigarettes?" She said, "Uh, you can't use stats. Uh, you can't give a presentation. The best thing you can do is when they light up, you say, "Hey, can I have one?" You sit down, you have a cigarette with you, and you're like, you know, these freaking companies are making so much money off us, aren't they? And they're killing us while they're doing it. And you, and she said, if you have a lit cigarette with them, they start to say, you know what? You're damn right. I'm done with this. And there's, you know, there's something related here. Um, >> wait, how old how old how old is how old is the kid? Like an 18-year-old. >> Yeah, exactly. Exactly. >> You know what? You know what I might do on this? I might have a 11-year-old walk up to that 18-y old and say, "Can I can I have a cigarette? I'd like to start smoking." >> There was an advertisement like that and I think they couldn't put it because like the lobby actually pushed, you know maybe >> Yeah, because it was working so well. >> Wow. Yeah, I love that. Um G gentlemen, I want to be uh respectful of our of our slot here. And uh I do have one kind of >> closing thought and Jeremy, I hope uh we can we can circle it up with you and Josh too before we wrap. But my what I'm hearing Josh is kind of like three takeaways. Uh it's very important to disarm and you can do that by by saying things like u not sure if if this is your experience too. Wonderful. And then there's two other kind of phrases I've I've heard today. Um, and they're kind of counter. On one side, you might say like it sounds like, you know, there's nothing outreach could do better for you. Like it they're they're great, you know, it can't be improved. So it's almost like leading them towards like this is perfect and you're the man with the plan. Actually, what what you're doing there is you're you're trying to see if you can elicit a correction >> because usually when you say, "Is it perfect that it sounds like it's checking every single box?" Well, I don't know about every single box. And you go, "No." >> Right? Like that. That's that's what you're looking for potential problems. We're not assuming there's a problem. We're detached from the outcome. But our job is to poke. >> Like that person at the running store, she had to ask the question. She had to poke to see that. That's our job because people might not be aware of things. >> Yeah. >> And the the sec the third thing that I'm hearing is like instead of you know leading them for correction, you could say you know um like talking about uh you you probably have a a way to go about uh you know reducing the 30 to 40k investment, right? like just talking about the pain but in a way that um you know like what are you doing to prevent crud from going on your car and scratching it right >> yeah so what we're what we're doing there subconsciously is we're assuming that they're doing something they're in the no so in the in the real estate example we have these remediation costs and the phrase I use at the end is how are you currently getting ahead of that meaning the subtext is there of course you're this is on your radar how are you currently you know how are you currently Josh how do you know your sneakers aren't made for pronated feet. Well, I don't. What do you mean? Right? Or what do you Well, I'm doing X, Y, and Z. Maybe there's no Maybe they're on top of it. So, the beauty of this approach is we're not assuming anything's broken. We're assuming they're on top of it >> and we're going to let them correct us if they're not. >> That's going to protect the ego. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Exactly. Ego is super important. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Which leads us right into psychedelics. No, I'm just That's another pod. That's another podcast. Everyone tune in again if you want to hear that. >> That's right. they they won't get the uh they won't get the uh the private joke here. But one one one last thing, Josh, if I may, before we're we're leaving. You've been doing like, you know, tons and tons of trainings with salespeople. What would you say in your view are the easiest skills to grasp and the hardest one to get? You know, >> I don't think any of the skills that salespeople have to learn are easy. I think a lot of times people take them for granted. uh you know I have to listen I have to know how to speak I have to know how to communicate um I am learning how to play the uh guitars now and knowing how to play guitar requires a tremendous amount of dexterity and skill but I can't make music now until I can know where to put my fingers first so like a cold call I have to know what to say and I have to have belief that I actually can solve a real problem and then I could work on my tonality. So all these things are layered and it takes a tremendous amount of time to be able to learn these skills. And so I would say patience with the craft. And if there was one maybe piece of advice that I could give people with regards to skills, it would be to find someone in your organization that has been having success month after month and just sit next to them. Like when I used to coach a sales team 18 years 18 reps when someone would come to me and say they're struggling just sit next to Laney tick just sit next to her just to what she's doing. >> Brilliant. >> Yeah Josh you've shared so much uh value uh to our our listeners to our viewers. Uh uh I'm really grateful that you you gave us your time today. And please everyone if if you enjoy do two things uh do yourself a favor. Follow Josh on LinkedIn. you'll get more of his good stuff. Um, and also he's got a free book over at joshbrar.com. Uh, well worth it. And um, yeah, thanks so much Josh. This is a lot of fun. >> Thanks for having me and Jeremy. It's been a while, man. We shouldn't let a decade go by until we talk again. >> 100% 100%. We'll catch up. >> Catch up. Are you still in Switzerland? >> Yes. >> Wow. I got to Should I go over there? Should I Should I get Switzerland? >> Yeah, come. I'm I'm traveling a lot, but uh Yeah, you should come. You should come. And uh if you're still listening the listeners and uh yeah, drop me a mail. >> Drop drop Jeremy a mail in Switzerland. Nice meeting you guys. >> All right. >> All right.
