---
video_id: fwyxBrj4m-8
title: "Josh Braun's Exact Cold Call Script (+ 7 objection responses)"
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwyxBrj4m-8
published: 2026-05-06
fetched: 2026-06-13
method: supadata
---

# Josh Braun's Exact Cold Call Script (+ 7 objection responses)

## Why it matters for the playbook
Josh full cold-call script plus seven objection responses, built on his detach-from-the-outcome, do-not-sound-salesy approach. Concrete opener and objection language for the messaging-meets-calling layer.

## Transcript
The cold call actually starts before you pick up the phone with your intent. If I'm attached to the outcome, I might sound differently. I might say, "Hey, Chris, my name's Josh. We've never spoken before. Can I have 27 seconds? Tell you why I called. Then you can decide it makes sense to call me back. Please please please please please." Right? So, whenever prospects feel that push, they pull away. Anxiety is a natural human emotion for anyone that's cold calling, even if you've been doing it for 20 years. So, this is not something that you get rid of. The more you're explaining as a salesperson, the less people trust you. This surprised me a bit, but 76% of you who regularly watch the show haven't subscribed yet. And if you've been enjoying these episodes and feel so inclined, a free way to support what we're up to is to hit that subscribe button. I appreciate you and I'm going to keep bringing on the best guests and upping the quality for you. And if you're looking to uplevel in your career, my tech sales accelerator program is linked in the description of the video. With that, enjoy the episode. >> Josh Braun, so good to have you on the podcast. Let's get into it. Let's open with a cold call opener. If you had to pick up the phone right now and use an opener that feels authentic to you, what would that be? >> Hey, Chris. Uh, my name is Josh. We've never spoken, and I know you weren't expecting my call, but I was hoping you could help me out for a moment. >> End scene. Beautiful. What's going on behind the words? >> So, before we get into the words, I think it's very important to know my intention when I pick up the phone. Um, if your intention when you pick up the phone is to book a meeting with everyone, what ends up happening is you say things that feel pushy. Um, the reason for that is that your intent affects your behavior. So, my intent is to book a meeting with everyone and I sound uh pushy. Whenever prospects feel that push, they pull away because autonomy is a basic human need. So the cold call actually starts before you pick up the phone with your intent. And the intent is to detach from the outcome. Now that does not mean you don't care. It means that you have absolutely no idea if what you have to offer is a fit for that prospect. So you're on a mission to discover if there's a potential problem. And when you discover if there's a potential problem, you let go of the idea that there is one. And instead of selling and pitching and convincing, you're asking neutral questions to see if there's any kind of problem that might be solved. That shift changes everything because you no longer sound pushy because there's nothing to push against. You're letting go that there's a even a need for what it is that you're selling. So, it starts with intent. Um, from there, the words are also important, obviously. So, I said, "Uh, hey, uh, you pick up the phone, you say hello, and I say, uh, Chris." And you say, "Yeah, it's Chris." And I go, "Hey, Chris, my name is Josh. We've never spoken before." Because the first thing that you have in your mind when you hear someone that you don't know is, "Do I know this person? So, I'm going to take that out of the equation. You don't know me." The next thing I said was, "And I know you weren't expecting this call." That again is an empathetic phrase to lower resistance because they weren't expecting my call. It's going to kind of calm their nervous system down. And then I'm going to simply say, "I was hoping you could help me out for a moment." And generally speaking, not all the time, with the right intent, I have found for me personally, I don't know, 70 80% of the time, they'll say, "What is this about? How can I help you?" And now we're in a conversation. There are eight or nine openers that I use myself and that I teach. There is no right or perfect one. It's very much a suggestion and ones that you can find that are comfortable for you, that flow out of your mouth, are going to be the best one for you. So you can go on my website or search Google and you can see, you know, seven or eight of them that are ones that you can try out. >> How about the tone behind your words? Because the way I perceive you is you're calm. And if you were high energy, that would feel in a way threatening. Alarm bells would go off in my head. If you were overeager, if you were anxious, I' can I trust this person? What are they hiding? So can you just describe your own perception of the tone you're delivering in? >> Yeah. So, if you're learning an instrument like guitar, um, and you want to work on your rhythm and your groove, you can't really work on that unless you know the chords, unless you know the notes, unless you know, you know, the structure of the song. So, you have to know the words first. Um, once you know the words and once your intent is detached, not as a mechanism to book a meeting, not as a psychological trick, but as a philosophy of how you want to sell, this idea that instead of assuming there's a problem, my mental mind before I picked up the phone is, um, is there a problem? And if there isn't, that's totally cool. There's no need to continue the conversation. So when your intent is detached and you kind of know the words, what happens is because your intent is detached, you sound like I sound. It's just a natural byproduct of being detached from the outcome. If I'm attached to the outcome, I might sound differently. I might say, "Hey, Chris, my name's Josh. We've never spoken before. Can I have 27 seconds? Tell you why I call. Then you can decide it makes sense to call me back. Please, please, please, please, please." Right? So, this idea of just sort of leaning back and uh letting go of this idea that everyone needs what you're selling and asking yourself at the beginning of every cold call, is there a problem here? And the answer might be no >> and that's okay. >> That's okay. >> Now, some of our audience has never made a cold call before. You know, some are just starting out as SDRs at top companies, companies that you've trained at like um Snowflake. What's cool is someone that I helped get into tech sales, you were their onboarding trainer at Snowflake, which is really cool. Shout out to Alex Lee. Um, some people are terrified, Josh. And they the anxiety, let's be real, you can't have an effective conversation if there's a barrier of anxiety in the way. What would you say to the individuals just starting out cold calling it? How can they speak to themselves? How can they deal with the anxiety and manage it to show up at their best on a cold call? >> So, this is an interesting question. Um, anxiety is a natural human emotion for anyone that's cold calling, even if you've been doing it for 20 years. So, this is not something that you get rid of. >> Yeah. >> Um, our emotions are something that you uh realize that I'm going to be a little anxious today. I'm not an anxious person. When I'm making call calls, I feel anxious. And what ends up happening when you label it that way for yourself is you can simply say, I'm just going to do it anxious. And you pick up the phone and you just call. And maybe you're a little anxious and maybe you're not. You're just you just are the way you are. When I was training for triathlons, I would be really anxious about jumping in the ocean at six o'clock in the morning and there's a bunch of people swimming and kicking you in the face. And I would tell my triathlon coach, I'm super nervous and anxious. And she would say, "That's okay. Just do it anxious. You just do it nervous or anxious." And what happens is once you start kicking and once you start picking up the phone and having conversations with people, um, you ease into it. Um, so you you realize that it's a feeling. And by labeling or noticing the feeling, noticing your thoughts just turns the volume down. Where you get into trouble is if you don't realize that your thought is affecting your behavior. So if you don't have this practice of being aware of your thoughts, if you don't meditate or have any kind of mindfulness practice, you'll feel anxious and you'll say, "I'm anxious." And you'll label yourself that way and you will feel anxious every single time. You know, like I was uh a couple days ago I was in yoga and my yoga instructor Leslie was having me try to do a handstand while she was going to assist me. I'm not doing that. I'm uh kill myself. I'm not very athletic. And I remembered when I was young in fifth grade, I was doing the president's test, which was this fitness test that they used to do in LA. And I couldn't do one pull-up in front of the class, and I was embarrassed. I had to do sit-ups with a partner. Her name was Patty Brooker. She was in fifth grade. I had a crush on her. She ripped like 50 p, you know, push-ups or pull um sit-ups. I did like two. I was beat red. And so that came rushing back. So rather than saying I'm not athletic, which can burn in, you say, "Right now, I'm feeling like this might be a little bit of a challenge." And you label your thought, you're aware of it. And in that moment, you say, "Now I'm going to go do a handstand." And you just go do it. Um so you have to be aware of your thoughts for this to happen. And the best way that I know of to do that is to practice some kind of meditative practice. um so that your thoughts aren't actually controlling your narrative or your identity. >> So, you're the reason I use the Waking Up app by uh Sam Harris every day. I use that for meditation. I do a 10-minute routine. I want to get your perspective on how the audience can uh come away from this and start to implement um mindfulness and learn to detach like you're describing. Maybe it is you're expanding on the medit this specific meditation app. Um there's options. I'd love your thoughts. >> Yeah. So, one of the biggest misconceptions of meditation is that you have to clear your mind of thoughts. So, when whenever people get into this, they're like, I I can't clear my mind of thoughts. That's the actual opposite of what meditation is. If you're an alive human being and you're conscious, you're going to have thoughts. Um, the meditative practice is to be aware of those thoughts and to just see them and notice them. The simple act of just noticing your thoughts is meditation. So, you're lost in thought. You're thinking about your wife, your husband, your do your work, your dog, all the things you have to do. And then you notice, oh my gosh, I'm lost in thought. And that moment that you notice that you're lost in thought is a repetition. And with time, you end up walking around the world like that. Instead of someone saying something, someone beeps their horn at you and you beep it back. You know, you you you react to everything. If you don't meditate, someone says something, you say something back. When you meditate, there's this gap that happens. Something happens. A guy beeps his horn at you. And instead of reacting, you pause for a couple beats. And in that pause, you can decide if you want to honk back or not. So you could choose if you want to respond. That's a very powerful skill. You may choose to still honk back, but now you have a choice. >> So if you don't meditate, you're not aware of your thoughts. That's most people. Someone says something and then you say something back. Um you're feeling a certain way and you get lost in that. you you think it's your identity and you can spiral for months, you know, sometimes years, sometimes your entire life, but if you're aware of your thoughts, you can simply observe them, not to push them down, but to actually be compassionate with them. Hey, there is that part of me that feels he's not athletic. Um, thanks so much for letting me know that. >> Um, I love you very much. You've gotten me through some interesting times, but today, um, I'm going to drive the bus and I want you to go to the third row and I'm going to go do a handstand. The same thing can happen with a job. Like if you feel uh maybe that you something in your childhood made you feel like you're less than because we're all work walking around with a story like I had with me doing the president's test. We have these scars. Um in yoga it's called some scaras. These are things that you've picked up living your life and they can be your identity if you're not careful. So I'm I'm not confident. I I'm never going to interview for that job. There's no way. I don't have enough experience. I'm I'm really not capable of doing it. If you have a meditative practice, you can drop back and you can say, "There's that part of me. Um, this seems like a uh challenging role and I'm getting this feeling like I'm I'm less than right now, but I'm going to go ahead and apply anyway." Or I'm going to choose not to apply, but you have a choice. Um, this is something that is a practice that takes, you know, your whole lifetime to get better at. So, it's not something that's going to click in automatically. But I I can't think of a better way to spend 10 minutes. You don't need an app to do it. Um I I recommend it for people that are just starting out, but I'm when I do it now, I just sit for 10 minutes or 15 minutes or 20 minutes and I don't do anything. I don't have a mantra. I just sit with my eyes closed and I just what what comes comes. You could do this with yoga. Yoga as well another great practice for this as well. Now, the other benefit of it from a sales perspective is if you don't have a meditative practice, what'll end up happening is someone will be talking and you'll be thinking about what you want to say next or you'll cut them off. Um, with a meditative practice, you can actually be aware that you're about to cut them off or you're about to ask a question and in that moment you can pull your attention back to them. >> I'm smiling because you said, "Oh, or you'll cut them off." I almost cut you off because I related so much and was inspired so much by what you said. So when I get excited, I cut people off. But you even talking about meditation helped me not cut you off in this moment. Now the audience has already learned how to open a cold call in a very human wonderful way that's detached from the outcome. They learned how to separate from their thoughts and and manage anxiety, drive it into a small corner because it's not going to go away, but you can act anyways. Now, I want to talk about poking the bear. You know, from my understanding, this is a part of your approach. I think it's a really cool metaphor. Um, once you say, you know, can you help me out for a moment? And you get a chance to share may maybe uh why you're calling. Isn't this a part of your approach? I I don't know if it's your your main approach or if you have others, but can you tell us what poking the bear is? If you're an SDR or account executive who's fresh in your role and you're trying to get off to a hot start, or a seller who's trying to turn things around and you want to crush your metrics and uplevel to your next promotion, then consider booking time with me at my Calendarly link linked in the description of this video because my tech sales accelerator coaching programs have been helping SDRs and account executives in big tech, at Oracle, AWS data bricks, and in the startup world crush their quota and uplevel in their career. Book some time and we'll map out a plan to hit your unique tech sales goals. All right, let's get back to the episode. >> Yeah. So, let me um tell you uh what it's not. So, traditional cold calling is based on the idea that it's my job to explain things to people, to pitch and to convince so that um I can book a meeting. But that is kind of a crazy thing, right? because if we're pitching um grass-fed beef to someone who's a vegan, um it's not going to not going to go really well, right? The other problem with explaining and pitching is that the more you're explaining as a salesperson, the less people trust you because you have a vested interest in getting the sale. So, this idea that you're explaining and convincing at the jump of a cold call is, I think, what creates a lot of resistance and this debilitating feeling of rejection because you're not getting what you want, right? Right? So, if you have no expectations, I can't really feel rejected because I don't have any expectations going into the call. Now, if I'm not explaining and I'm not convincing, what am I doing? Like, what's the opposite of that? And to illustrate the opposite of it, I'll give you a a short story. That's true. Uh, four years ago, I was in the mall with my wife. I didn't need anything. She was returning some things at the Town Center Mall. We were going to grab some dinner at True Food Kitchen. and I walked into a fit to run store and I had just bought sneakers like three months ago. So if the store associate said to me, "Josh, let me tell you about these new sneakers." And she started explaining, I'd be like, "I'm not interested." If she said, "Can I help you?" I would have said, "I'm good." If she said, "We got these sneakers on sale." I would have said, "I'm good." But she didn't do any of those things. She looked down at my sneakers and she asked a question. She said, "Josh, are you a runner?" And I go, "Yeah." And then she asked another question. She goes, "Training for any races?" And I go, "I'm actually training for a half marathon." And then I'll never forget what she said next. She said, "You probably had a running gate test." And my desire to correct kicked in. I said, "Well, what's that? I don't know what that is." And then moments later, I'm on a treadmill in the store and I'm running and she's recording it. And I can you can see this on my website. I have video of it. And she freezes the frame and she zooms in on my ankles and she goes, "Notice how your feet are over pronating when you run. And I said, "Yes, so what's the big deal?" She goes, "Well, the problem is if you run in sneakers that are not made for pronated feet, especially if you're running like 6 to 8 miles, you increase your chances of injury, specifically planter fasciitis and runner's knee. If you'd like, I could check your sneakers to see if they're made for pronated feet." And about 7 minutes later, I'm spending $170 on new sneakers and insoles. >> Wow. >> So, what she's doing is she's illuminating a potential problem. The word potential is very important because I could have said, "I don't run, I walk." To which case, there's no need for me to get on a treadmill. Another example, I like to wash my car. I must have put my name in some email list somewhere. And I get this email from Adam's car wash company and it said, "Josh, how do you know your car wash mitt won't scratch your Audi S4?" I was like, "What the heck?" That stopped me in my track. I'm like, I don't. Turns out that if you wash your bucket with a car and a sponge, dirt can get trapped in your sponge because it settles to the bottom of the bucket, gets on your sponge, and it can create these little swirl marks in the paint. And if you're a car nut like me, got to get that taken care of. It's like 600 bucks. And then when you sell the car, they run a paint thin meter over it. Car is worth less money. So if I was cold calling, I would say this. So Josh, I know don't know if you're experiencing this or not, but I often hear that when people wash their car with a bucket and sponge um because dirt settles to the bottom, it could get trapped in the sponge and scratch their car. Um how are you making sure that doesn't happen when you wash your car and then you shut the front door. Um here's another example of poking the bay rather than pitching a solution that uh automatically schedules meetings for plumbers after hours, right? And rather than explaining that, hey, the reason for my call is we have an AI that schedules meetings for plumbers after hours and the reason I'm calling is to show it to you. Do you have your calendar? Instead of that, you can simply drop back and ask a question that might sound like this. Um, so Bob, um, are you still the one handling the scheduling when it comes in when people call like the schedule with the plumber? Yeah, I am. So after, can you help me out for a moment? Hey Bob, are you still the guy that, um, is in charge of scheduling the calls for the plumbers? I am. Hey, I got a question. It's a little out of left field. Um, after hours when calls come in, how are you getting back in touch with those people? Are you like returning voicemail messages? Is it like automated texts? Or do you have an AI dispatcher that automatically books the calls with the plumbers? And you just shut the front door and listen. And generally what you'll hear is, "What's an AI dispatcher that's booking calls with plumbers? Like what what is that?" Or we're doing like text messages. You're never going to hear we have a vendor for that because we're bringing the vendors up anyway. >> And then from there, if they say, "Well, yeah, I'm doing text messages." I might simply say what the lady at the running store said. "Oh, you've probably looked into AI dispatchers. You probably know about them. A lot of plumbers are using them." Well, yeah, I know about them. Oh, sounds like they didn't work out for you. Something something went, you know, it wasn't wasn't really a fit for you. Well, it wasn't that. It was X, Y, and Z. See what I'm doing? I'm not explaining anything. I'm pulling things out of people using questions and labels and statements and letting people correct me. >> Another example for Captivate IQ um after can you help me out? Hey um Josh, I I see that you're running commissions for like 100 reps, calculating commissions. Are you guys using spreadsheets or is it more of an automated process? Spreadsheets. How's that been going? Yeah, it's good. It's things, you know. Oh, you probably looked at automating it. Yeah, we looked into it. Oh, your your comp rules are probably too complex for automation. Well, actually, and now they're talking, right? One of the best cold calls I ever received used this approach on me. It was her name was Kendra Warlaw. She was working at Gravy Solutions at the time. She called me and uh Memory Serves. I pick up. She goes, "Josh." I go, "Yeah." She goes, "Oh my god, I didn't expect you to pick up. I'm actually through the drive-thru at Starbucks." I'm like, "Hey, how can I help you?" She goes, "Hey, I know you sell courses." When people try to pay for a course, but their credit card fails. How are you recovering those failed payments today? And I said, 'I don't think I have that problem. I'm using Stripe for that. And she said, 'Oh, it sounds like you're logging into Stripe, checking the failed credit card payment pretty frequently. And I said, "What's that?" She goes, "Well, it's a report in Stripe. If you'd like, I can send you instructions on how to check it, and if you're seeing a lot of failed payments, perhaps we can chat." >> And I said, "Sure." And she sent that to me about 5 minutes later. Turns out I didn't have the problem, but if I did, I would have engaged with her. M. >> So again, this is all about illuminating potential problems with neutral language. >> What I mean by neutral is we're not saying, "If I could save you $50, would you give me 10?" Right? We're not leading people to a desired answer. We're asking a neutral question about a potential problem and then we're leaning back and letting the person answer. >> So I was recently talking with a rep at Data Bricks and they're actually um an inbound SDR getting promoted to an outbound BDR. So, they're going to start to cold call now and they as a part of their interview process internally to get promoted, they need to come up with um a script for an outbound uh let's say a account is running on Snowflake or something and I just want to workshop with you high level like what that could look like applying um the poke the bear method. I'm just pulling this out of my you know what, but um say you say I say can I uh can you help me out for a moment? You say sure. Um Josh I I work with other data engineers like yourself and that are running on Snowflake. I saw that in your job posting. Maybe that's a little creepy. And what we found is that for the ELT specifically, sometimes they're overspending by X amount, right? Like tens of thousands of dollars a month. What? And I'm curious, how are you managing the cost related to that? So, I'd like your coaching on high level how we might work with this. Um, I don't know that that's the best pain point, but you get the idea. >> Yeah. So, this we have to we have to back up a little bit first. So, in order for us to craft these questions, they really should come out of the voice of the customer, not the salesperson. So, in Snowflake, for example, or Gong or Captivator IQ, there's these very rich case studies that are on their website. And in these case studies or testimonials, what you're going to find is words in between quotes with visceral language. What I mean by visceral language is this sucked. This was hard. This was a struggle. This was like a an energy zap. And you're going to see this very rich what I call before language before they switched. And that language is what you're going to take to craft your poke the bear question. Now, I'm not an engineer. So, I don't know what half the stuff that you said is, but if with just a little bit of work, if you went in and you found these case studies, you find that problem based language and then there's about six or seven poke bear framework templates or frameworks and you just plug it into there. One of the frameworks is the ABC framework that we talked about before with a plumber example. If you noticed, when calls come in after hours, I want to find out how they're getting the job done today. >> Right? When calls come in after hours, are you using like a after hours call center? Is it like text messages that are automatically being sent to schedule or do you have a way to automatically schedule the meetings using some kind of an AI? So, current way, current way, maybe what's possible. >> Okay. >> So, I'm not going to attack that they're overspending in in your example or um because what I don't want to do is I don't want them to feel like they're doing their job wrong. >> Good call out. >> So, I'm just trying to get in a sense of how's it hap what's going on today? >> How's it working today? So, in the captivate IQ example, when you run commissions, is it like spreadsheets or is it through um something more automated? In the car wash bucket example, it's a different template more about a hypothesis or problem. And I'm going to always start with Josh. I I don't know if this is the case with you. >> Yeah. >> And I know you wash your car. Um I sometimes hear that when dirt settles to the bottom, it gets trapped in the sponge and can scratch the car. And now I'm going to assume they're figuring it out somehow. How are you currently ensuring that doesn't happen when you wash your car? >> Because they're not an idiot. No matter what you sell, people have a car wash bucket. >> No matter what you sell, people are running in in sneakers. So, if you come in all guns ablazing, um, trying to sell your bucket or your sponge or trying to create this wedge, um, it's you're going to have resistance. So, what I would say is turn the temperature down a little bit >> and understand how just how they're getting it done. Maybe you say, "How's that been going for you?" And then you can say, "Hey, I don't know if you're bumping into this, >> but in that situation, sometimes I hear this, how have you been handling those edge cases?" And they may say, "We never have that happen." at which case there's no need for >> the solution, right? So that's a perfectly good outcome if determined early. It's terrible if determined late when you have an AA involved and you book the meeting. >> So it's kind of a sorting versus selling mentality. Gets back to the mantra of a cold call. Um is there a problem here? >> We're problem finding and if there's no problem then we can walk away. We're detached because it is an abundant uh outbound sea. So, so, so with the data bricks example, what one thing that you you taught us is that >> we got to do our homework and read case studies, but look at the language of the prospects. At a good company like data bricks, they're going to have a ton of quotes from data leaders and data engineers that look just like the person we're calling. So, speak their language. >> Don't assume. I I like the the just that nuance. I I don't know if you're running into this, but but even taking a step back, you're assessing where they're at, like what's going on. So, I could have said, um, you know, I did a little homework and I saw in in your engineering job postings that it looks like you're using, uh, um, Snowflake. They're great, by the way. I'm curious like how how are you managing ELT today or I don't know like I I'm no expert on that right now. I'm not currently in a sales role selling that, so I'd have to brush up. But is that, by the way, how how is that like something like a current what would the current state I don't know question look like roughly? This so this is a um this is a process. So with regards to data bricks I know nothing about data bricks but I'll give you a couple other examples that maybe you can connect the dots. So I had someone call me once because people know my approach and I get cold calls and people are using >> the approach on me which is great because it opens me up all the time. So I got I got one about a year ago and it went something like this. Um Josh um um I was hoping you could help me out for a moment. Sure. Um hey just to make sure I'm in the right place. are you still the one that handles the the website like for your badass guide? Like, yeah, that that's me. I go, hey, um, so I noticed that you don't have any tracking pixels set up on the checkout page for your guide and your poke the bear courses. Um, when people don't buy, how are you going about retargeting them today? >> That's a neutral question to which I said, I'm not doing that, nor do I care about retargeting people. I don't want to retarget people. someone doesn't want to buy or they abandon their cart, I'm cool with it. I don't want to get them into a funnel. >> And the conversation was over because this person sold a solution like that. But that was a great poke to bear question. Another great poke the bear question I got recently, phenomenal one cold call. Um Josh, over the last three months, your posts have had 2,732 comments. How are you going about identifying the people that are commenting that also might be a fit for your prospecting workshop so you could reach out to them proactively? Are you like doing that manually or not really doing that at all? I'm like, "Wow, that's interesting." Like what do you mean? Like like that made me lean forward. It's it's a neutral question >> trying to figure out what how you doing this today. Not assuming that I'm not doing it. I I have sneakers. Everyone's got sneakers in place. And then I'm also going to give them the benefit of the doubt. You've probably looked into automating your commission payouts. >> You probably know about AI dispatchers. And if someone's been in RevOps for 30 years or 20 years or 10 years, they know that calculating commissions can be automated and they've chosen not to do it. So rather than you lecturing them on automating commission payouts, which is not good for their ego, just say, "You probably looked into automating commission payouts." And they're going to go, "We have." And then you're going to take an educated guess as to why they didn't move forward with it. And that might sound like this. Um, I'm I'm guessing your commission structure was too complicated for automation. That's called elicitation. >> And what'll happen is they'll either correct you or confirm. Um, either way you get more information. I'll illustrate this again. Um, I shop at Hugo Boss quite a bit and every time I go in there, you know, can I help you? No, dude. I'm good. Uh, what brings you to today? I'm just looking. Right. It's a natural reaction because I know they're commission based salespeople. But a couple months ago, I walked into one and the person didn't say that. He used an elicitation. He saw me and this is exactly what he said. Business trip. And I said, "Actually, I'm going to a wedding." And now we're in a conversation. Right? So, this is about taking an educated guess. And again, it's the opposite of the traditional cold call approach, which is based on convincing and filling people's heads with information. Here, we're detached and we're drawing it out. >> Um, the saying that I have is buyers have the answers, sellers have the questions. >> Buyers have the answers, sellers have the questions. It's a perfect segue. Let's talk about the discovery portion of the cold call cuz you know what you did is you gave us all the principles and if I were to go back and rewatch the game tape, which I will, I'll be able to take notes on the different components and then I can study up data bricks and the case studies and it's my job to be the expert on the solution I sell and I can put it all together. Okay. So, one thing I want to get to with questions is the difference between neutral and manipulative close-ended questions. If I was like, Josh, you're running into that cost uh issue, aren't you? It's like, dude, you're like, get away from me. And by the way, I had a um someone from my Toastmaster group who who's a good person, keep it anonymous, but um she advises founders and she discovered I'm a founder. And I think that's partly why she's like, "Let's catch up." And used one of my links that I usually use for potential coaching clients. Um and just from the start, man, she's like, "I just want to know how I can help you." And I I have to admit, we ended the combo in 10 minutes. Guard up. I shut her down. Like I I wasn't too mean, but I was firm. and it just went up. It's like I could tell it was a selfserving question. Like some, you know, sometimes it's like, "Oh, hey, um, prospect, help me sell to you." Anyways, okay. I'd love for you to riff Josh on the difference between open and and close manipulative. >> Yeah. So, I mean, I get these kind of questions a lot. Um, Josh is, you know, generating revenue still a priority for you? >> Duh. >> Right. So, it's it's what I call it's like it's a yes trap. I can sense that the salesperson is trying to get me to a desired answer that's in their best interest. Yes. >> Josh, if I could show you a way to increase conversion rates on your badass B2B growth guide page by 40%, would you be interested? >> Josh, if I could save you, you know, $50,000, would you be interested? Josh, if I told you something interesting, would you be interested? Like, these are all these are all leading questions. Yeah. >> And whenever someone feels that they're being led to a yes, they they enter what I call the zone of resistance. a natural reaction to being led to a end result that's in the salesperson's best interest because we know sales people are biased. We have a and we have a bad uh reputation for that reason. So the opposite of that is a is a neutral question and neutral questions don't seek to guide anyone to any desired answer. They just seem to understand what's going on without trying to assume anything, without leading anyone somewhere, without trying to get to anything. We've gone through a couple, you know, different ones already, but like Josh, um, when you are trying to, uh, juggle triathlons, you know, you you're kind of to balance um, home and family life with with running a race. Um, how are you doing that in a way that doesn't cause you like divorce by triathlon? Are you like on like a 10 hour a week training program? Is it like 30? Like how how are you juggling that today? How are you doing this today? And when you wash your car wash bucket, are you using when you wash your car, you using one bucket or two? Um, how are you dealing with this thing that happens sometimes where the dirt gets on the sponge and gets trapped and can scratch your car? Like, how are you making sure that doesn't happen when you wash your car? Oh, I just kind of like rub it in there really quick. Oh, you've probably heard of a grit guard. What's that? Well, it's this thing that goes onto the bottom of the bucket and you rub your sponge on it and the dirt settles to the bottom of the bucket and off your car. Well, how does it work? Well, if you'd like, we can I can show you. All right, so these are neutral questions. Uh Josh, I don't know if this is the case with you. Um looks like you're a soloreneur. There's been some new tax laws that have gone into effect that are ensuring that solarreneurs like yourself are not overpaying on taxes. Um anywhere from 8 to 10%. Um how are you ensuring that your accountant is up to speed on the latest tax laws for solarreneurs like yourself? Well, gee, I don't know. I better I should probably ask them like I don't know about that's that's a neutral question, right? So these are these are neutral questions and there's about seven or eight of these kind of frameworks, but they're all neutral meaning I'm not leading someone to a yes or a no. I'm just trying to find out like the current state, what's going on. >> So let me try an example. And by the way, I'm going to bring in emotionally charged language. You mentioned that's a concept from like a customer. In my last role before I went all in on this podcast, um which man, I'm grateful to be able to do. This is awesome. Thank you so much for being here. um I was selling at a um cloud managed service provider and we had a phin-ops practice that would help companies save money and so I I did pull this out um and pulled like a little story in a conversation I' say Josh I was talking to another engineering leader like yourself at a um late stage uh SAS company they were also series D and [snorts] the engineering manager had a feeling that they were overspending on cloud by tens of thousands of dollars a month and when I asked him how that what that felt like especially with the pressure coming down from the CFO and board he said it felt like we're walking around with razor blades in our pockets. I'm curious. [laughter] I don't This might sound I'm curious like how are you currently managing cost optimization today or FinOps? Like I should throw in you know what you said I love is like >> you probably have put a lot of thought into this but I'm curious like how are you managing spin ops and cost optimization. So overall how was that? Did was that >> I I don't know when I told the story it was a real story so I felt conviction in it and like maybe they'd see themselves in the razor blades in the shoes but >> overall I'd love your just coaching on that overall thing. I'm not a fan of um many people like you language because you don't know me. So I I you might say I I have no idea um if you're if you're bumping into this >> um but sometimes when I speak to uh ex you know these kind of people I hear I hear why >> um how I know you've been in this for 15 years. I really like that language. How have you been ensuring you're not keeping those costs in line? That's the idea of it. And I also don't like language like optimization >> because people don't normally talk like that. Yeah, >> it's just very um generic jargony language. So, I like to stay away from >> how are you managing costs? >> How are you? So, we want we want to get down and if we want to know how they're managing costs, let's label how they're currently doing it. >> So, when you're trying to you know, everyone's solving the problem today, right? Yeah. >> So, in the example of the plumber, I would say, hey, are you guys using uh you know, outsourced person to answer the phones, voicemails next day, >> uh automated text messages, or maybe like an AI automatic dispatcher. So, how are they currently doing it? Hey, so when you're trying to do X, are you guys doing ABC? Like, how would you word that? >> And it's my job to know. Yes. When you guys are managing costs, are you using something like a a platform like Zestie or you know, like so it's my job. I'm aware of the different PinOps tools or or you guys are doing it manually. And so, >> great coaching and I like your call out of the optimization language. I I like your call out of ultimately being a little more conversational. >> Yes. So, at this point in the cold call conversation, you know, let's say we're asking some good neutral questions after we opened um in a detach way, we we poke the bear and we do land on a problem. Okay, cool. At what point do you know it's time to set the meeting? And like how do we do it? >> So, we don't want to what I call burn the popcorn. >> What I mean by that is sometimes we have a tendency to overstay our welcome. we talk a little bit too much and we burn the popcorn and the conversation kind of fizzles out. >> Oh. >> So once they're kind of leaning forward, um I like to kind of pull back a little bit once they're sharing a little bit because it's not a discovery call. So when you're feeling that they're leaning forward and they're expressing some kind of interest in what it is that you're saying or they're intrigued, they're doing a lot of the talking. Um you could simply drop back and you can some say something like this is a transition phrase. Um sounds like this might be worth exploring. If that could be a transition phrase, sounds like this might be worth exploring further. Um, would it make sense for you to invest 20 or 30 minutes over the next couple weeks so you can see how it works? That's it. >> And then you go ahead. >> Yeah, that's it. Interesting. >> And and and then the technicalities I you know and I I encourage reps to do this like hey book the meeting on the call but maybe there that's a little bit of being attached by the way like trying to uh what's interesting in in my business now doing uh like some career coaching. I've never closed on a call but that's like a B toC transactional. It's not like B2B um where it's it could be a year-long plus sales cycle but I noticed that not being pushy like the right people will come back and say yeah I'm ready to go. But what are your thoughts though on this final piece and then I got a fun cold calling topic to get to next. These are for the audience >> in terms of the the folks who say, "Hey, book the meeting or the call." Make sure they accept the calendar, they convert uh invite while you're on it. Make sure they invite uh the right person so you can figure out that Susie also is involved in this. What are your thoughts on the the the point of getting like up to getting off the call? >> Yeah. So, I like I like to ask, is there anybody else you'd like to invite for the call? Um, if you want to make sure they don't get off the phone until they accept the invitation, um, try that and see how it feels for you. >> Um, if you don't like the way that feels for you, don't do it. >> So, if you're looking for someone like me or anybody else to tell you the answer to this, um, I will say this, um, everybody, including myself, is sharing perspectives, not facts. So, everyone is sharing perspectives, not facts. Very few things in sales are objectively true. So, if you're looking for what's the definitive answer, there isn't one. >> Um, despite what you hear. So, the idea is to go try it out and see which uh works for you. So, everything I'm saying on this podcast, these are suggestions. These are invitations and you get to decide if you want to try them out and spin them out and see if they work or not. Um, and if it sticks, then it sticks. And if not, you go try something else. There's 50,000 other people that are talking about cold calling. Yeah. So, this is a a approach. That's the nice thing about our profession. Um, in yoga there's this saying you are met at your practice. What that means is the yoga teacher is putting you in these asas or these poses but you get to decide if you want to do it, how deep you want to go based on your body. So in a similar fashion I believe that I'm giving you suggestions or invitations. There's lots of different ways to do it but if looking for what's the way um there isn't one from my perspective there's just many ways. Try to find your way. So, the nature of a cold call is that you will meet resistance. So, what we haven't talked about is when you get a little tongue tied, when you face an objection or two. >> And so, let's talk about objection handling. I'd like to start with mindset but >> um I brought, you know, your tongue tied objection cards. And uh I don't know if I have all of them, but you have so many. And you've got a a process of diffuse discover discuss. >> And what we're going to do is I'm going to pick out some random ones. I'm not going to do all of them. We can't. Right. People need to get the objection handling cards themselves. Um, and you know, I'll give you the card, but um, you know, just walk through them. It's kind of fun. It's tactical. But before we get into the objections themselves, what is the highle approach? And and I I I do see on the cards, right? Diffuse, discover, discuss, but would love the underlying mindset and approach. >> Yeah. So, I think the first shift is to get away from this word objections. It just has so much baggage associated with it. Whenever a salesperson feel heals hears the word objections, it triggers this idea that it's my job to overcome or handle in some way, right? So someone says um your your price is too high and you automatically go into justifying why the price is not too high. We get what you pay for. Someone says send me some information. You feel it's an objection. You say you don't need more information. You need the right information and I'm the one that has the information. So tell me what information you want. Right? Someone says, "Uh, I need more time." You don't need more time. You need the answers to like you get you get into this sort of I need to get them over this hurdle. Right? So, instead of thinking of it as an objection, um, think about it as as information that they're there's just information that you're getting. Someone's saying something and it's just information that you're getting. And the objective isn't to handle it or overcome it to get what we want. It's to just understand it. Mhm. >> So if someone were to call and you were and at the at the jump of the call, they would say, "I'm not interested," >> which is very rare with the >> with your approach. >> It's it's rare, but it happens. Or maybe you're using a different approach and you're hearing that a lot. The traditional approach is, "Can I just have 27 seconds?" Of course, of course, you're not interested. You don't know why I'm calling yet. That's going to create this resistance because the second you try to overcome, what you're really saying is, "I'm right and you're wrong." M >> it kind of gets back to what we said at the beginning, which is if you're explaining too much, they trust you less. >> So if we're detached from the outcome and says, someone says, "I'm not interested." You might just lean back, right? We're going to pause for a second, >> right? That's our that's our mindfulness practice. And just that pause alone is going to turn the temperature down of the call. And you might just simply say, "That's okay. I know you didn't ask me to call you. Uh before I hang up, if I'm not overstepping, is it because my timing is off or is this completely irrelevant? And what you'll find some of the time is they'll tell you something or not, or they'll slam the phone down on you. And when people slam the phone down on you, that is part of cold calling. That's the nature. It's not bad. Yes. Not that you did anything wrong. If you're a major league baseball player, the best in the world, they only get on base about 30% of the time. You notice when they strike out or don't get on base, they're not angry or kicking the plate. They just walk away and they go back to the dugout. And you also notice that when they get on base, they're not like so they look kind of the same because they know that's just the nature of baseball. Just like in cold calling, the nature of it is you're going to get someone at creating what you think is kind of resistance. But the approach here is to just lean back and try to understand it. Someone says, "Can you send me some more information?" You drop back and you might say, "Uh, what's your email address?" Blah, blah, blah. Hey, just so I don't do you a disservice by sending you irrelevant information, would it be okay if I ask you a couple questions first? Sure. Or no, just or someone says, "I can't talk right now. I'm running into a meeting." Traditional approach is, "Can I have 30 seconds to tell you?" And you might just say, "Okay, I'll call you back couple minutes. Call you back in an hour or whatever." I had a call that I was listening to a few months ago where the the lady said, "I can't talk right now. I'm heading to the hospital." And the rep said, "Can I just have 27 seconds?" Oh my gosh. Yeah. So, >> oh my gosh. >> So, if someone's going to the hospital, what might you say? >> Oh, I'm so sorry. Like, is everything okay? Or I mean, I' I'd almost be tempted to take say like, "Oh, I'm so sorry. Let me let you get back to that." and and I I really just hope everything is okay. So, in a way, I almost might want to say, "Let me just let her go and share well wishes, but also I'd be curious like, are you okay? Is everything okay?" >> Well, you're assuming >> because partly she I don't know that she owes a stranger to like bring me into her personal info, but I'd love your thoughts. >> Yeah. You're saying I'm so sorry, but you're assuming that she's going to the hospital for a bad reason. She could be having a baby. >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah. So, you know, so I mean that someone else, you know, I I I can't talk right now. at my s son's soccer game. Are they winning or losing? >> That's that was my immediate thought. >> Yeah. So something like that, you know, can't talk right now. I'm at the gym. Can I have 27 seconds or is it leg day? >> Like, you know, just kind of being just kind of and that comes from like detaching again, not as a mechanism to get what you want, >> but as a mechanism to just turn the temperature down. That's the really the job as a cold caller is just to turn the temperature down in the room. >> Yeah. I remember one of the objections like that uh that you taught me and and you've taught so many people is um how did you get my number? I'm sorry. Probably the worst. I I have a contact database called Zoom info my company gives me. Um it also says you had chicken picata for dinner. Is that right? Yeah. Was that was that it? >> So you can So the humor thing is interesting because you can if it feels like you. >> True. True. >> So you don't want to be unnatural. So on that one, you know, how'd you get my number? And you might just simply drop back and you might not apologize because nothing to apologize for. You don't want to literally say we use a database here called Zoom Info. We have a direct line in a cell number here for you. Seems like it's inappropriate for me to have called you on this number. Notice the the tonality and the language there. And the reason I'm able to say it so smoothly is because I've done it a bunch of times. Just like if I held a flash card that says five times five, you'd know it's 25. The only difference between that and and these flash cards is you just haven't practiced it. >> And maybe you've been practicing in a way that creates pressure. So you've gotten really good at that. You don't get better at what you practice. What you practice becomes permanent. So if you're practicing something incorrectly, it becomes entrenched. So if you detach, you just tell them, you just answer the question. Just answer the question. We have a database. It's got your couple numbers here. and you could tell by their tone that maybe they're a little upset. You can just say, "Uh, yeah, it seems like it's inappropriate for me to have called you on this number." >> There's three more things I want to round out with. One is how do you practice uh objections and even cold call scripts in general. I'll volunteer some thoughts because um the practice really makes a difference. We could rapid fire five objections and then I have one more thought on on mindset. So, first off, I mean, do you you practice your script, your objections? as you look in the mirror and to the point that you accept yourself and who you are. Do you practice 20 times for one objection? Like what are some of your tips on the art of practice? >> Well, this is no different than getting good at anything, right? So, if you want to get good at, let's say, piano or guitar. The first thing you have to know is what's good. So, pick a good. I mean, I I have an approach for objections. There's 50 other people out there that have different approach. So, pick your good. Pick your pick your guitar teacher, right? All right. So, I have to know how do how do I play a a pentatonic scale in the key of E? I have to know like what what is that? What does good look like? Like what's the technique look like? How do I put my fingers? How do I relax my shoulders? Like what's good? And then once I know what good is, I can simply practice good over a period of time. The same way you learned your multiplication tables, good is the answer to 5* 5 is 25. Why is that? It just is. It's just 25. [laughter] >> Don't overthink it. >> Yeah, we can we can kind of go in and do them, but it's 25. was 69530. So, how'd you get good at that? You you memorize the card. Um, with this, the same thing that the same five or six are going to come up over and over and over again. So, it's kind it's always madness to me when I'm in workshops. There'll be a couple hundred people in the audience and I'll hold up, you know, math multiplication cards out, people, have people shout out the answer. 6* 5, everyone 30, 3 * 3, nine. Send me some information. And everyone's like, uh, they get nervous. [laughter] Or or or the other one, what do you do? And everyone's like, "Oh, that's that one really gets people like freaked out." So, you you find out what good is, write it down, your answer, practice it like you did your multiplication tables, and you'll never feel tongue tied. >> It'll just be calm and relax and chill. >> Let's go through five objections. I'm going to give you the card if you'd read it. Um, >> okay. This one is, I'm too busy. Is this a bad time? You might say, "Uh, sounds like I called you at the worst possible time." Right? And then you might say something like this. If I'm not overstepping, is it because you just don't like getting cold calls or is just just not relevant? Or if you read the room and you feel like the energy is, dude, I I just can't talk right now. I'm like in the middle of a bazillion things. and you read the room and you feel that energy, you might just simply drop back and you might just say, >> "Okay, I'll call you later." >> You got to read the room, right? When you try to get what you want on a call, that's coming from a place of scarcity, right? You're like, "If I don't get this person now, I'm never going to get them." >> Well, okay, you got 50 other thousand people to call and you can call this person back. There's there's so much opportunity. >> Let's do the next one. >> Okay. >> Oh, cool. >> Okay. So, this is a good one. Send me a proposal. So, a lot of times when sellers hear send me a proposal, they think it's a buying signal. So, send me a proposal, they must be serious. But sometimes they just don't know what to say. And they're saying that as a polite way to get you off the phone. M >> so you might want to say something like this and drop back and say, "Okay, um yeah, John, um if I send you the um proposal and it has everything you want for the price that we discussed, um sounds like you'd be ready to rock and roll, move, move forward." Well, actually, no. I got to run up to my boss and we don't have a budget for this. We don't have time for this. You kind of get to the real real truth of it, you know. Uh, send me a proposal. Sounds like you're ready to rock and roll, like you're ready to go forward. Well, not exactly. That's elicitation, >> right? So, I'm not going to just send proposals to people asking for proposals because that might not really be what they are that really they're asking for. They might just be using as a way to end the call politely. These uh things that people say, sometimes they're true and sometimes they're not. But if you handle a truth like a quote unquote objection, you're going to piss people off. So, if you're selling grass-fed beef and they say, "I'm a vegan." and you start to push. Lots of people were vegans when I reached out, but what they found is our progressive fat beef was excellent. You're going to love it. You're going to upset people. >> Yes, >> I'm a vegan. It's not a a lie. It's the truth. And you just simply say, "Oh, sounds great. We're not a fit." And you just call people that are meat eaters, which is most people. >> Seek the truth. >> Yes. Seek the truth. >> We got three more. >> All right. >> Wonder what this is going to be. >> I want to think it over. >> Oh, >> so this is again comes back to elicitations. Right. So, what we want to try to do is why might someone want to think it over? >> They're not sure. They're not confident in it. It's a stall in a way >> or I don't know if it's a stall. It's part of the natural buying process. Maybe you might want to say, "I want to think it over. I'm not I'm not so sure I want to think it over." Sounds like you have some concerns. >> Um, seems like you've had some trainers before that have promised the moon and the stars and didn't deliver. M >> you're not sure that the juice is worth the squeeze. Um I'm getting the sense that what you have is is probably, you know, good enough like right now. >> So these are ways to sort of try to understand what the underlying concern is that they want to think it over. >> Here's the next. >> Okay, this one is we don't have a budget. >> Oh, I like that. >> So this is a good one. So we don't have a budget. You might say, um, uh, when you say we, like, is that your your department, your whole? No, we we don't. You might say, seems like budgets are only reserved for existing vendors. You might say, "Yeah, we only have, you know, this for X, Y, and Z, and B, and C." And then you might say, um, are there any events and circumstances that happen that would cause you to review what your options are? Not now, anywhere, like down the line. So, I'm seeking to understand, you know, when you say we, you our department or my boss, and then you might simply say, sounds like it's only your budget's only reserved for what you have now. Yeah. And then, would there be anything in the future, any events and circumstances that might happen that might cause you to review what your options are or or not really? You guys are just going to, you know, use these guys forever. Then I might open up a conversation. Last one and then I want to welcome the audience to check the link in the description to get the tongue tied objection cards themselves and start practicing in the way that we talked about. >> All right, call me later this week. You could you could use a uh you can use a mirror here. Chris Fos calls this mirror. >> Yeah. >> Someone say later this week. You might say later this week. And then we go Yeah, Thursday. And then opens them up. Um they say, you know, just like Thursday or Friday. and you might say, "Hey, would you um be open to or would you be opposed to putting some time on the calendar later this week just so we're not playing the sort of back and forth uh game? Is that something you'd be open to?" >> I like that last one. Would you be opposed? Let's be real. We tend to flip in the opposite direction. I'm not opposed to it. And you're you're positioning it from a place of service to just so we don't have this back and forth. I don't want to do you disservice and call you at the wrong time. So, >> yes. Yes. And they may say no, and that's okay, too. We'll call someone else. >> One final thought to round it out. And this really comes down to mindset and uh this is special to me because um when I reached out to you to come on my podcast, I forget how many years ago it was. It could have been 2023. I reached out for over a year and um finally got you right uh prospecting and hopefully you experienced that I was just committed and intentional. I'm all excited to get on with you via the StreamYard platform and we end up on the podcast and we start off and of course I'm a little nervous but as we say the nerves are normal, right? when you're pursuing meaningful opportunities and conversations and you act anyways. Um, suddenly everything crashed. You had to hop off. My head was spinning. Um, Streamyard, it turns out actually my Wi-Fi of all things stopped working. The router, there was an issue [laughter] over a year. Reach out to Josh Braun. Finally got him. I blow it. I think I sent an email subject line. I'm sorry. You know what? Here it is right now. Um, I've got it. Um, and uh Oh, shoot. What was the subject line? Let's see. Now, I had um I had my admin, Nicole, print this out. Um and I can't uh I can't find the I thought it'd be special to read what you said. Um exactly, but I'll go off the cuff with it. Okay. So essentially you wrote me what was almost like a beautiful poem and I think you said something that and it is clearly stuck with me that you know Chris the nature of dog parks is barking and the nature of technology is glitches roughly. I just a man Josh I I on the way here I was like Nicole print this out or try and print out but so I want to read the exact thing because you are a great writer. I admire that about you and it's it was very eloquent and so yeah the nature of dog parks is barking. The nature of tech is glitches. you're basically like it's all good but in a in a very elegant way >> and you were gracious and we got on um again had a great conversation and here we are today. How very special to me. Thank you. >> So so so what just you know what was the mindset behind that what you sent to me and we don't know the exact words but that you kind of get the metaphor. >> Yeah. So when you push up against reality you suffer. So, if you go to a dog park and you expect uh everybody to pick up the dog poo and by accident you step in dog poo and you expect that not to happen at a dog park, you're going to be angry and upset and pissed off all the time. Like, Jesus, I can't believe everybody doesn't pick up their dog poo at a dog park. That's just how a dog park is. Sometimes people don't see it or they don't pick it up, whatever it is. If you go to a family restaurant and you expect it to be quiet at a family restaurant, you want to have a romantic dinner with your partner, you're going to be upset because that's not the nature of a family dog park. So, when you push up against reality, um, you suffer. >> So, what's the opposite of that? Um, you just accept and you move in harmony with the nature of what it is that you're doing. M >> so if I'm at an airport and the plane's delayed, I can certainly get upset and mad the plane's been delayed three times where I can just know that planes get delayed and that's the nature of planes. So the I think the point I was trying to make with you or the my response was just technology sometimes glitches just like at a dog park there's dogs that poop and owners don't pick up their thing. And so the idea here is you could still be a little upset and and disappointed in it, but to not let it consume your identity >> and to say, "Yeah, glit that glitch happened and we'll try to reschedule it or we won't." And so when you move in harmony with the nature of the action, it's just a much more peaceful um way to go through life. Like I I have my mother-in-law lives up the street from me. Sometimes I'll be on a Zoom and she'll just come into my office and she'll say like, "Did you make a lot of money last week for my daughter?" like some something like that's the nature of my mother-in-law. Like for whatever reason, she was raised a certain way and she's how she is. Everybody's understandable with enough information. So, if you can just sort of accept the nature of things, it's just I I find a much more peaceful way to go through life. Even on a cold call, um you're going to run into people that are rude and angry. Doesn't mean you did anything wrong. It's just the nature of cold calling. Prospects say they're interested and then they don't show up for a meeting. That's just how it is. Just like when you go up to a baseball plate, you don't get on base a lot of times. So, you just move in harmony with the nature of the action. It's just a nicer peaceful. Doesn't mean you're complacent. Doesn't mean you don't try to reschedule it, but you also don't let it like rule your life and consume you and say that was that's not what I expected. >> The expectation is going to is going to cause some havoc in that brain. >> Yeah. When you ask your admin to print out an email from years ago or try and find it up last minute with Josh Brown sent to you that was so elegant and maybe you get the wrong thing. I can accept that. >> Yes. >> There we go. >> And you know what? Is it a big deal? >> Not at all, man. What a beautiful conversation. >> Not really. [laughter] Is is it really going to matter like 30 minutes from now? >> No. No. And I'm so grateful for the time together. Thank you for your mentorship. you were the most direct picture of where I'm looking to go in my career and even just show how I want to show up as a man and a human being. So, thank you for that. Um, I want to welcome the audience to check out um your tongue-tied objections, your badass growth guide, but just fill in the dots like what are some of the ways? Of course, your LinkedIn profile. You're always putting out great content, your newsletter. It's going to be linked, but just am I missing any resources for the audience? >> No, just josharun.com where a lot of my stuff is and my LinkedIn profile and if you have any questions, happy to give you my take on them. >> Awesome. Thank you, Josh. And uh this is how I sign off and I guess I'll do it looking at you. It's usually at the audience, but to the audience, you know, thank you for showing up and investing in your professional de development and personal development. I respect you for that. And to your success and tech sales and life, happy selling and happy living. And we'll see you in the next one. Thanks, [snorts] Josh.
