---
video_id: l5UN5dii4eA
title: "How I Would Start Over Again in Cold Email"
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5UN5dii4eA
published: 2025-07-16
fetched: 2026-06-13
method: supadata
---

# How I Would Start Over Again in Cold Email

## Why it matters for the playbook
Eric clean-slate take on how he would rebuild a cold-email motion today: a prioritized list of what actually moves reply rates. A strategic checklist for the infrastructure layer.

## Transcript
Hey everyone. For today's video, I wanted to make a video about if I had to start cold email all over again, what would I do? What are some things that I think are super important? What do I think are things that people care about a little bit too much? And the goings in between of all those things. And so, if you've never watched any of my videos before, my name is Eric Novski. I run Growth Engine X for over four years now, and I've been doing cold email for probably eight or nine years as well. And so, um, and we also send four to five million cold emails on behalf of our customers. One of my customers is clay.com. Another one is instantly.ai. Uh, we work with one of the top 10 websites in the world to help get them advertisers. So, I send a lot of emails. And if you don't think that is good enough for you, you can skip this video. But I hope you can believe me that I send a lot of emails for a lot of cool people. And so if I were to start restart cold email today, there are a couple things that I would think about. But first, I would think about one just how great the tech stack has really increased for cold email since when I first started. In the past, I would buy lists and I wouldn't even know who was on the list. I had no names. All I had was just email addresses and then I would use Mailchimp to send out the emails. And email has just gotten so much more sophisticated since I first started emailing people. That being said, as a good marketer once told me, all conversion rates eventually go to zero and cold email has been getting more and more competitive every single year. I remember the first cold email campaign I ever ran, I used an Outlook mail merge, and I emailed 200 220 people that wanted to hear from me and they wanted to hear from me. It wasn't cold email. I guess the first automated email campaign I ever ran, 220 people wanted to hear from me. I booked like 70 meetings. Now, mind you, they weren't cold, but I promised myself I would never do another cold call ever again. I was just hooked on cold email. But those conversion rates are just insane uh by today's standards. And so, the main thing that I think about all the time when we are implementing cold email systems on behalf of our customers is that cold email really comes down to three things. And I think thinking through the lens of those three things really helps you keep it organized of what you need to do to send your own cold email campaigns. So, I always tell people it always has to do with how are you sending the emails? How are you building the list of people to send emails to? And then what are you saying to those people in the emails and to that list that you're sending to? So, in a lot of ways, the first step, how are you sending those emails is very much a solved problem for today. It just basically takes time and money. And so, first step, I wouldn't use any private SMTP servers. I wouldn't use HubSpot. I wouldn't use Mailchimp. I wouldn't use Constant Contact, any of those things. I would use either smartlead.ai or instantly.ai. Smartle if you need more integrations and you need a cool really nice API. Instantly if you want a platform that consolidates a lot of tech for you but then also is a little bit more user friendly. I usually compare it as an iPhone Android comparison. And so then um the other thing is you want to connect those platforms with real Google inboxes or real Outlook inboxes or both. This is another thing that when I first started sending out these campaigns, there were no automations to set up these domains and these inboxes. We had to do it ourselves. I remember one day I was setting up Google inboxes one by one. If you've ever done that, you know you're with me. And then I found out just by accident that it's possible to set up Google inboxes with the CSV import on the admin console if you have the DKM and everything set up. And I feel like I cried that day when I found out that it was that much easier. But we've gotten so much further. There's so many platforms to automate it. You should not be buying your own Google inboxes and setting them up yourself or your own Outlook inboxes. We personally always tell people to go to Zapmail or to Hypertide mainly because they're some of the only providers that give you access to the admin console on the back end so you can see that there's no crazy stuff going on with the panel that you got put into. But as far as inbox infrastructure, choose a triedand-true cold outbound tool, smart lead or instantly.ai, and then send through Google inboxes or Outlook inboxes. Don't get cheap on this because SMTP servers can work, but they usually are much better for like campaigns that people really aren't going to mark you as spam for, like if you're trying to get people on a podcast or something. Um, so anyway, then the second thing is list building. And so I would say the main thing that I have grown to learn about list building is that for the most part everyone is getting their data from LinkedIn. And then secondly, when somebody says that they have better email data than somebody else, that could be mostly marginally true but not totally accurate. And so the main thing is most email platforms are either getting their data uh through just literally guessing emails. I love it when people email me and they say, "Hey, thanks so much for this email. I'm interested, but can you tell me how you got my email address?" And then their email is just first name at their domain. And so, literally, these tools are just guessing and they're just using an email verification tool to just guess what the email is and then passing it on. And so, the when I was evaluating tools, I thought all of them were so different and they had all this like crazy stuff. Honestly, you probably want to pick the biggest tool you can afford and go with that. And the reason I say the biggest tool is the one with probably the most customers. So something like a Zoom Info or an Apollo or something like that or Clay. Clay has really been coming a lot farther. I see Clay mainly as an enrichment tool, but they've been coming so much farther with their company data set and their people data set. It's really, really, really amazing. But you want to go with somebody who's big and they can afford a lot of data scraping because everybody's just basically scraping LinkedIn and then combining that data. If they're not, they're most likely scraping Google Maps, which is something that we can get into a little bit separately. But if somebody says, "Hey, we have a better way to get emails than anybody else." You can trust that a little bit, but most of the time it's just going to raise your bounce rate and it's not worth it. And you're going to have to clean the emails anyway, and you're going to remove a lot of people from your list. So, it's not going to be that that helpful. And so the main things that people will do is, and this is why you also want to go big with the most users, the biggest way that people will supplement their lists, these data companies, is they'll connect to your CRM. And when somebody at a company with a name and an email address gets inputed into your CRM, and then enough people do that, they'll say, "Okay, this must be the email address for this company." And then another way is they will use some methods where they're kind of like, you might not know this, but if you try to sign into Google, if you enter an invalid email address, it's not going to bring you to the second screen to input a password. But if you put a valid email address, it'll pass you to the second screen to get a password. It's doing things like that to try to see if the email exists or something like that. And so, um, most you got to just like pick the biggest one that you can and the one that you like because and don't really get sucked into, oh, our email validation process is so much better than everybody else's and our data scraping process is so much better than everybody else's. Most likely it's not. The main things that I'm seeing is most of the companies are as good at scraping LinkedIn as the rest of them. There's standouts in the crowd like with Ocean.io IO where they're putting a na natural language lookike on top of all the websites. Then you can do not just industry filtering, but you can do lookike filtering and you can do natural language filtering and those kind of things. Clay is starting to do that as well. So there's how much flexibility do they give you in the integrations? There's companies that will give you the same exact integrations that LinkedIn gives you and that's just very obvious that they're just scraping LinkedIn data. And then there's companies that will give you more than that. They'll give you better industries. They'll give you company keywords to filter by. They'll give you natural language. And if you need that, you can take it another step and go a little bit further with that. But so in summary, if you're going to get started, go to Smart Leader Instantly. Hook up Zap Miller HyperTight Inboxes. Listen to those platforms about what they say the warm-up period should be. When you're picking your LinkedIn scraping tool to build lists, obviously I mean I used to work at Clay. I helped build the product. Clay has a special place in my heart. You could also use Apollo Zoom Info. I know people love to to poo poo on them, but their size really gives them an advantage over a lot of the other players. And then if somebody says that they've got some secret email validation sauce, or quite frankly, if somebody says they have some secret email deliverability sauce, that's they're also probably lying about that. But if they have some secret email validation sauce, that's it's probably one of those things that they're probably doing. And you can kind of just cut through the noise with a lot of these things as well, too. And then the third part is what are you going to say to these people? And that really comes down to your campaign strategy. And I think that the fact that step one and step two are such solved problems for people who are starting cold email now. And AI is so great that when it comes to your campaign strategy, you want to find a format of a template that you really like. I'll tell you mine in a second. But then if it if your outbound campaigns aren't working, I would be messing with that template and then messing with the filtering of your list every day until you were going to get something right. As an agency, we don't really have the bandwidth to be able to do that, but we are doing it that we'll test four things at a time. And if we send a,000 to 2,000 emails to well to contacts and something isn't working, then we're coming up with new things basically on a weekly basis. So, we're not changing it on a daily basis, but we're coming up with four or five ideas and then running that for a week and then doing it again. And that's really what I would do is figure out that format and then use chatb03. Do some deep research and then use it to kind of output more ideas for yourself as well too. These models are just getting so good. And the format I like if you were to even tell it like mimic a style, ask it to mimic the style of Sam McKenna or Jen Allen. I forget if it's Cuth or Nuth and I'm so sorry, Jen. Um, will all red John Barrows Josh Braun ask it to mimic their style. Pick which one that you really like. I really like the John Barrows kind of Josh Bronn mix where it's like a why you why now first line some kind of poke the bear question to get them thinking and then some kind of mix of an offer or a case study in the third line. If you didn't do an offer in the third line then have a fourth line with a CTA in there as well too. And then the other thing is I used to think that you have to follow up with people a ton. We don't do that. We send maybe three emails at most, but really I want to be sending two emails to people as well, too. And that's just because most of your positive responses are going to come from email one. And we just see our inboxes last a lot longer because I think past email three, people are marking you as spam a lot more often. And you're just wasting time. Like if you only got capacity to send 3,000 emails a day and at some point if you're sending a sevenst step sequence, you've got 70% of your people past email two, it's it's just going to be, you know, email one is your best performing email for getting leads. Mostly because it like you're following up with people that maybe the timing isn't right or there's some other reason that they're not responding. So you just want to go out to as many net new people as you possibly can. And then this is just some miscellaneous things that I've just been thinking about is the first thing is ignore LinkedIn screenshots when people are trying to flex on everybody and they're saying, "Oh, this is the, you know, reply rate that we just got on our campaign." I used to be so obsessed with that. I would pay people and I would say, "Name your price. I want to know what that campaign was and what you did. I don't care if you just send me a two-minute voice note. I I just want to pay." And the amount of times that it's a campaign that is not repeatable and it's not scalable I think is nine out of 10en times. And what I mean by that is a lot of times people will flex an outbound campaign outbound campaign but what they're really doing is they're re-engaging old leads. They're re-engaging close lost. They're about to attend an event and they're emailing people who are attending the event for an in-person meeting and there's no sales that goes with it. Sometimes they're even doing something where like maybe it is repeatable but there's no sale in the email. they're just giving out lead magnets that don't tie to anything. And so, don't get too obsessed with that. Just stay focused on what are your conversion rates and how you can make your conversion rates better. The second thing is I think people have made tracking open rates the boogeyman when it is such a really great way to cut through the noise and know are you getting into people's inboxes or not. And so if you don't know this, ever since Apple made an update years ago, um anytime somebody if you have the Mail app in your iPhone, then anytime somebody sends an email to your email, it automatically flags that open. Even if they didn't open it, it'll just look like they opened it. So there's a lot of fake opens. But look, if you're getting a 20% open rate, you're most likely landing in spam. But if you're getting a 70% open rate, you're most likely landing in the primary. And so what we will do is if we don't know if we're having a deliverability problem or people just aren't responding to us, we'll turn on open tracking and we'll see how we're doing based off of that. And so I wouldn't treat that as much of the boogeyman as people usually treat it as. And then um I see a lot of people really stressing over domains. One, we only buy.com and.co domains. I know people who buy.xyz and things like that. Go for it. But you're trying that on your own regard. Um buy.com and.co domains. One thing I learned now that I didn't know in the past is I used to buy all my domains from GoDaddy. GoDaddy never has sales on domains. Those people, they love money. Um, Porkbon and Dino Dot have sales on their domains. I feel like every month there's a sale that you could take advantage of. And so, um, that's just another thing to just know about. But I used to get really obsessed and sometimes our customers get really obsessed with how the domain looks. Like I said in the beginning of the video, one of the top 10 websites in the world by traffic is one of our customers. and their domain is pretty short. And the domains we send emails from maybe have like anywhere from 15 to 30 characters in the domain. And sometimes we're even emailing some of their past leads to re-engage them. And yes, some people will recognize the difference on the re-engaged leads, but nobody on the cold leads says anything about it. And so we really found that domains really don't matter. Um, so if you're really like, "Oh man, I I can't buy any domains that look good." We literally have purchased this is the domain we use for outbound.com as one of our domains and we get responses from that all the time. Leila Hermoszi has positively responded to one of the campaigns that we ran before and the domain on that was like businessgrowth strategy.co or something like it was a crazy crazy domain, right? So just make sure you do all of your forwarding. U for some reason female senders get higher reply rates than male senders. That's another thing people like that is a true thing. But the fact that you could reach out to somebody and then they hop on a call with the same person that you're reaching out to, there's value in that as well, too. So, don't go too crazy on things like that. Um, some other questions that I see a lot, and I'm actually just looking at a Slack channel right now to just answer some questions. Um, if you're scraping for localbased businesses, can you send to the generic contact at email address? Absolutely. As long as the business is small enough, you will get responses from that as well too. The speed to lead is super important. And since as a service, we basically just help people get hand raisers, we will set up systems so that people can get speed to lead. But um just another thing is like speed to lead is really important. And then the second thing is if somebody doesn't book a meeting immediately, what we like to try to do is to raise the stakes of the meeting. And so if they said yes to some kind of offer, what we like to do is every time we reach out to them, we want to raise the stakes for the follow-up of like, hey, by the way, you know, not only are we going to go over this on a call, but we're also going to do this. Hey, I made a custom plan for you. Here it is. Like, let's go over it and how it applies to your business more, you know, and just keep doing things in the follow-up process that make it more valuable for them to come to a call. And then I know some people say, you know, follow up until the person says no or they die. I don't know, some stupid things. We send like four follow-ups, five follow-ups or something like that. We don't go too crazy. And then sometimes we'll leave all the follow-ups and then have a re-engagement later. But anyway, I see a lot of people asking questions about LLM powered response handling so that they can get the reply management. I have not seen one that does things amazingly well. Maybe Rev Reply is doing a pretty good job. I've never used it, but I know people who are using it and they're very happy with it. But I feel like this is such an easy problem to solve. just hire somebody for $1,000 a month to just respond to the leads as fast as possible with the templates that you approve. So, that's just another thing as well, too. Um, if you are targeting Fortune 1000 businesses, you really want to think about getting a lot more Outlook setups and not just warming them for two to three weeks, but maybe warming them for literally like four to six weeks. I'm not I'm not kidding. Um, Outlook is really hard to get into right now. Um, people ask me all the time about how to get e-commerce lists and things like that because they don't trust Builtwith and they don't trust store leads and things. It's like, guys, those are the best. That's like really what you could get to. Um, there's not a whole lot that you could pick over that. Try to pick anything else that I can do. Anyway, I'm just looking through a Slack channel of people who ask a lot of recent questions. But I hope this helps give you a quick view of the things that in my opinion make a lot of difference and the things that I would worry about if I were to start cold email all over again. I'll link it, but every December I try to write a document on everything that I've learned about cold email in the past year. And the first 15 pages go over this in a lot more detail. So I'll add that into the bottom of this YouTube channel uh or this YouTube video. So, I hope this was helpful, but these are the things that I would worry about and the things that I would do if I were to start cold email all over
